what's up everyone and welcome to the W
show we've got a great show lined up for
you guys today I forget what the title
of the video is so I guess I'll leave
that one for Luke you're going to buy a
friend or something yeah yeah I could
use a friend right
now and I can buy one and hang it around
my neck forever oh super weird I'll
always be with you uh oh this is great
news remember we said it was going to be
a good news W show well I've got lots of
good news I can buy friends and online
Market places are responsible for
selling dangerous third party
products that is so cool the
inic awesome might be still going but
maybe less than stuff what else we got
today I'm sure there's going to be some
bad sides of that but we'll we'll talk
about it in a second uh can the EU save
video games a few weeks ago the EU
registered stop destroying video games
as a citizen initiative and we'll talk
about how that works how you can maybe
help it things like that later um also
skill-based
matchmaking might just be
better I don't know I didn't think I
liked
[Music]
it the show is brought to you today by
manscaped one password and moose end not
to be confused with moose end which
would be a Moose's rump ah yes also our
chair uh chair partner which support our
rumps thank you very much thank you for
tying that all back together
professionals really appreciate you
Luke buy a friend a new AI company
called friend wants to solve the scourge
of
loneliness get this with
technology it's a wearable necklace that
acts as a
companion have you seen this Luke have
you heard about this oh yeah I sure have
the wearer can speak or even message the
friend device over Bluetooth and the AI
will respond over text the AI may also
listen in and comment on whatever is
currently going on in the user's
immediate environment however any data
collected is only stored locally hm I
mean until they update the TOs I don't
know or get acquired yeah unlike the R1
so that's from rabbit and the Humane pin
this friend only costs around $100 and
requires no Cellular Connection as it
uses Bluetooth so at least I don't have
to buy a subscription to this friend
yeah is there no subscription I don't
know there might be a subscri I mean
does it
matter kind of because if there isn't a
subscription then it's like almost more
of a sign that it is definitely dude
this is like if I was this is like if I
was telling you look it's a there's
there's a cockroach salad company right
and you're just like oh but but there's
no subscription who cares it doesn't
matter it's irrelevant what is
this oh that's probably one of is that
coming through there's there's a
motorbiking trend going around me lawn
La yeah they're doing some uh yard work
outside either way the friend company
raised Two and A half million dollar
from investors giving them a valuation
of I I forget exactly was what it was I
think it was somewhere in the
neighborhood of like tens of uh tens of
millions of dollars or something like
that but this is great the company has
reportedly spent $1.8 million of this
money on buying the domain friend.com
hot
take probably best move they could have
done really I don't think you could have
possibly
possibly gotten the news out about this
device to as many people as they did if
they didn't blow 1.8 million on a domain
I mean it's the only reason I'm talking
about it yep and it's the only reason
anyone's talking about it so they're
idiots because like a fox as far as my
understanding goes they have
enthusiastically embraced everyone just
trashing them for the domain and like
spread the news more huh I think it
might have literally been like part of
the plan there's no there's you can't
count
of but it could be of a Savvy response
to going I mean the that they didn't
hide
it already I guess is the fact that
after buying that domain yeah uh outside
of what they've or including what
they've raised they had what 500 600
$700,000 left they had to make a
device produce the device or maybe just
not I mean have they actually have they
done more than show a prototype yet
h i mean here let's have a you know what
screw it I'm going to I'm going to buy
into it I'm no I think you were
vulnerable there's a difference oh my
gosh friend not imaginary wait what no I
think it's imaginary this looks pretty
imaginary to me right now that digitals
digital that's a that's a shell with a
wire on it that's not that looks like
the thing Ursula kept Ariel's voice in
in The Little Mermaid that's not
wait what this
is have they have they shown
anything talk pause read Dan how bad is
our audio probably uh okay do you do you
want to ask them if they need to do that
this has never happened why is this
happening at 600 p.m. on a Friday I know
right it's like guys I will personally
cover your overtime for you to not do
this right now um anyway the point is
here's the product Luke and I couldn't
help noticing this really doesn't look
that much like the one that the guy was
wearing what's included in the Box white
case USB bu right now when does it ship
no no it's pre-order it's pre-order I
see I I you know what I think this might
just be I don't know what it is I I
actually don't know what it is Luke this
is start shipping I mean they're not
even close to done this is four months
this is 4 to 7 months from
now this is basically a Kickstarter but
without even the safety net of
kickstarters terms is there basically
any I mean no but terms and conditions
like what what like look you you spent
you won't give you your money back this
is great you spent a fortune on
friend.com but you Incorporated your
company as my tab AI Inc
what even what the what even is
this that's
interesting we operate the website as
well the blah blah blah legal terms
collectively blah blah blah close
Confidant for everyday
life we will provide you notice of any
scheduled changes intended for 18 year
we recommend you print a copy of these
legal you print a copy of these legal
terms for your
record hold
on
uh-huh well wait this constitutes a
legally binding agreement agreement to
what hold on not there's no there's
nothing to agree to here is this just a
meme this has got to be this has got to
be just a joke so I found my tab. a yeah
which leads to a personal
companion thing this is like the worst
website there's a pre-order button you
click it it goes to stripe check out
says no longer taking orders this looks
like the same thing though so they
pivoted but it looks like the same
product interes can can we is that
coming through still Dan
okay this is this is Wild is there a
plan to talk about donut media today
what would we talk about I don't know I
hadn't planned talk about donut media
today I'm really more interested in the
uh I'm really more interested in the
friend.com mystery because I'm finding
it extremely
fascinating James
left oh no way
whoa
really where's the news on that
okay wow that's huge here it is goose
Auto Works wait this is a month ago
though I think that's why I left donut
speed
all right I'm James and I'm leaving
donut he was a super nice guy I uh Goose
Auto Works is different yeah I I I
really enjoyed working with the whole
team down there um when I went down to
collab with
donut yeah he seemed super cool so uh
hey yeah from everything I know about
him which is that I think he seemed
super cool when I met him and as far as
I know he hasn't had a pedo Scandal yet
um seems like we should be with
YouTubers these days it just seems like
we should be giving him our support you
know building up the non pedo YouTuber
Community thank
you thank you for going above and
beyond what's left of him I
guess oh
man apparently there's other friend uh
AI necklaces in development so here's oh
my God this is called based
Hardware or is this the wait what what
am
I man he looks like the age of person
that would be starting based
hardware.com I I I have no idea what I'm
looking at right now I don't know if
this is if this is uh a promotional
video for this product oh yeah okay look
you can you can order now friend devkit
only $69 okay
come on there's no way these people
aren't
meing there there's no way this cannot
be
real based Hardware pre-order now for
$69 shut
up I just want to know if anyone has
like ever shipped any of this stuff no
there's no way is it just like a
Bluetooth dongle on a necklace
essentially yeah and and unless there's
a subscription there's no way they're
going to be able to
accar langage model running data
somewhere unless grock gr not going to
help you out that much if you need a
friend
though it might be based and edgy
um but I don't know if it would be
ultimately helpful anyway our discussion
question here is is this actually a good
way to deal with loneliness and you know
what as much as um as much as this might
come across as a bit of a copout I have
to confess that I don't necessarily feel
that qualified to uh to talk about this
um it's been it's been really um it's
been really eye openening seeing how
many people commented on the video
earlier this week where I talked about
the passing of my sister Emma um it's
been it's been really eye-opening to see
how many I mean and it makes sense right
like every human dies so therefore every
human experiences loss right um but it's
it it's been it's been incredible to see
you know how much empathy there's been
from the community it's been um it's
been incredible to hear people's stories
and I have read a lot of them I can't
reply to all of them but as you guys
know I read a lot of YouTube comments um
and it's been it's been incredible sort
of reading about people's people's
journey through loss and you know what
it's meant to them what's helped them
and the really sad ones are the ones
where people are talking about you know
not having a Support Network and and and
you know urging me to you know make sure
that I'm using mine and I'll tell you
like I I have been using mine I've
leaned on uh my family my friends my
wife who is also family but for some
reason when you say family a lot of
people don't necessarily know that you
mean my wife you know like it's I think
bloodline yeah yeah exactly um and uh
and so I guess what I'm trying to get at
here is I I don't actually I don't feel
qualified to talk about if this is
actually a good way to deal with
loneliness so uh if anyone in the
audience is kind of looking at a product
like this and going you know what that
would actually be really helpful to me
or I I could I I could see this being a
stepping stone to learning to talk about
my feelings better like I I kind of I
kind of want to hear from you guys
because
um I I don't I don't know like I I
wouldn't use this but I also have the
privilege of having the best like
counselor slash companion slri on the
face of the
Earth Ivonne and and I also have Luke I
knew you were talking about the whole
time when you did the lean over G I was
like what are you doing I was just
messing with them oh okay I I I do think
I mean there's a they they they call the
loneliness epidemic right like this is a
huge thing right now as if I remember
correctly the average adult male has 0.5
friends or something like it's it's less
than one is what I remember um and that
has got to be kind of rough a question I
would pose for you is you said I
wouldn't use something like this I have
a great companion if you were stuck in a
like basically like an isolation room
like maybe you did one of those like uh
Mars experiment things I would I would
talk to my necklace yeah I think I would
too I would and maybe and maybe you're
right maybe the answer is as simple as
that if I was isolated enough would I
resort to this and there's no question I
mean humans need contact and I think
that we would accept fake contact before
we would accept no contact and no
interaction with if I'm being totally
real if I'm by myself I already talk to
myself a lot yeah so I don't think it's
going to be really that different if the
thing
replies yeah but then what
happens when it
deflates
[Laughter]
well yeah people people like if you
leave someone alone in room for they're
going to personify like practic anything
they can CU humans just do be like that
um I could see people getting use out of
it I think you should really try to not
allow it to replace or stop direct human
interaction yeah but if there isn't
any I I feel like something's probably
better than nothing yeah but is this are
we accepting a crutch ConEd what we
should have is a splint and a cast you
know like we are we putting ourselves in
a position where we're we're making the
journey ultimately more difficult by by
putting this
uh this fake um this this fake
interaction into our lives
and Avon just commented and it's
probably very true it just like hurts to
even read but he said abandoned elderly
May benefit yeah it's like yeah probably
yep because it's it's one of those
situations where like if if you're only
social inter action ever is care workers
coming in and like dropping your food
off and leaving immediately because they
have 10,000 other things to take care of
um yeah you might it just that sucks but
like it's probably real speaking of
things that are probably real and
ultimately where we're headed uh long
Linus in float plane chat says can we
skip friend and just get to robotic wuss
yeah that's coming for sure yeah well
that's that's not phrasing
I didn't mean it I didn't I didn't
intend it is what I meant that's
[Music]
not sorry
sorry
okay all right um what I was trying to
say is that's not coming eventually it's
coming right
now I mean you can already you can
already interact have versions of it
don't they yeah exactly like you can
interact with an AI uh like an AI voice
of like some twitch streamers and stuff
like that so yeah yeah this is totally
thing it's just a matter of when Real
Dolls are going to integrate it right
like it's some form of collaboration or
something or just do it themselves yep
it's not the only thing they're going to
do
themselves dang it we're going to get
them someday gentlemen we're 17 minutes
into the show we made it past what is
the YouTube's thing like minutes or
something hey 17 minutes in is pretty
good for me so it's a new
record oh no what what are we supposed
to do but not in age oh
whoa next topic okay move right on uh
what are our other headline topics today
I don't even know what that means I'm
just terrified of it skill-based
matchmaking is just playing better in
response to discourse condemning
skills-based matchmaking Activision has
released a 25-page white paper revealing
a secret experiment where they massively
reduced the impact of skill in
matchmaking for half of Modern Warfare 3
players in North America according to
their results around 90% of players had
lower overall play time and were more
likely to quit during matches with only
the most skilled of players being
unaffected by the change now hold on
because I want to back up and say other
than reading the words together in the
order they're in I don't actually know
exactly what skills based matchmakings
in this context I got you and why
anybody would be upset about it sure hit
me so uh completely non skills-based
matchmaking it's not really matchmaking
but like completely non would just be
like Pub servers back in the day you
have a dedicated server list you jump
into whatever server is there you're
playing with those players complet
matchmaking version of that would just
be filling random lobbies with people
automatically but based onif nothing
yeah yeah exactly first and first out um
skills based matchmaking would be that
you would have some type of like MMR a
matchmaking ranking um and in this case
it would probably be hidden so you don't
necessarily know what your matchmaking
ranking is but it's going to match you
up with people that are similar to your
ranking as best as it can okay so then
followup question um who the actual
donkey thinks that skills-based
matchmaking is a bad idea
I think like like is this not complet
like is this controversial Like I Do Is
this a there people there are I don't
know if it's I don't know if it's a hot
take uh for the actual average person
necessarily but there is definitely a
loud amount of people that uh don't like
skills-based matchmaking I know that for
what reason exactly I don't know
necessarily I can think of like I think
it would be maybe hard unless the
matchmaking rank that you have is public
uhhuh which I know some people don't
like that because then they feel like
they're constantly playing ranked which
you technically are yeah you just don't
know that um but unless it's public to
me a negative feeling that could come
from it is that you feel like you're
constantly on this treadmill of skill
where you never really feel like you're
getting that much better compared to
other people because the game is
constantly pairing you with people that
are of the same goodness I guess right
so by So What by their logic anyone
should be allowed to be in the Olympic
freestyle swimming finals and if someone
if one person happens to be really good
then like and one person can barely swim
that's like are you entertained by this
like sorry what I do think every
Olympics should have like an army of
like J gim Bobs uh that are just like
average dudes and they just show them
alongside the Olympians to like show The
Gap I would I would actually like I I
know this is not an original idea people
have been saying this for years I would
love it if it happened cuz like you see
these people perform and you're like
that's cool but like I maybe this is
some sport I've never seen before um or
like I never really understood the Gap
like you see someone dive and they have
like three droplets come out of the
water like I don't is that good and then
you see some like random dude just flop
it's like a huge wave and you're like
okay so there's actually like there's
there's difficulty here that I think
that would be fantastic but anyways I
don't really get the argument I prefer
match and the thing is I honestly
speaking like I I to me this is so um
and I'm so sorry if
it I sound like such an
sometimes because some well no sometimes
things just seem really obvious to me
and then I say like isn't this obvious
and then people are like wow lonus is
mean that wasn't obvious I there are
there are things about uh skill B based
matchmaking that makes things less
interesting to me personally for sure
but well hold on hold on hold on let me
back up for a second cuz I like I okay I
I maybe and maybe part of it is just my
lived experiences that make this obvious
to me there's uh there's a a local
badminton tournament it's called badmo
and they usually do about two to four
tournaments a year and that's what I
signed up for when I did my very first
badminton competition and they had their
their Gamers they're memers there it's a
young group that runs it and so the way
that they divided their brackets uh was
blue shell Red Shell and green shell and
the description was blue shell is for
competitive players at a very high level
uh like if you've ever competed
provincially or nationally basically
this is Mario Kart you should be in here
yeah exactly uh Red Shell was if you if
you play play regularly and and compete
hard and green shell was for if you are
just getting into the sport and you're
looking for a friendly competition
I signed up for green shell because that
was a description of me I I was playing
every every week but you know I'd only
really been doing it for 6 months to a
year something like that I showed up for
my first match got absolutely
wrecked by someone who was
sandbagging in a lower tier
and I guess for me what I realized from
that experience was that that's not
fun I didn't have fun did they have fun
like like honestly
would would okay here here's a good
example would Magnus Carlson have fun
like destroying my son at chess have you
seen some of his like he puts a
blindfold on and then plays five people
at the same time that's totally
different so sick no I know I know CU
I'm I'm talking about I'm talking about
in what is supposed to be I think he' be
really Bor a level match I'm sure it
would be and if he did get some kind of
perverse pleasure out of that I doubt it
would we think that that's cool or
admirable no would it be fun for I mean
if he and I'm not talking about him
taking the time to give a tutorial on
you know what he was doing and why and
that's I'm talking in competition
because we're talking about this in a
Competitive Gaming context right where
people are competing to
win how could anyone look at that and go
yes that is good and honorable and
enjoyable and I have I have always said
and this a lot of this was inspired by
my experience in that first tournament
where someone who had absolutely no
right to be in green shell but it was
self assessed right so they just decided
that they were going to be green shell
because they want a metal essentially
right is that metal valuable I mean we
mock participation trophies but you're
basically self opting into a
participation trophy for yourself by
like competing in the kids League like
what's wrong with you I think you have
some I think you have some long-term
resentment over this uh this particular
occasion well it's not it's not the
resentment it's a desire to fix it like
I will tell people I will tell people
all the time I would rather lose a match
2523 then then win you want good games
214 yeah someone tried to bring up uh
fast Philly said some people do love
that stuff remember tarov and I don't
necessarily think that's true for tarov
I understand what you're trying to get
at but like when I used to play if you
could tell like you can you can see and
tarov the level of the person that you
took down um and if they were a low-l
player I wouldn't necessarily
automatically do this but I would if
they were a lowle player i' would look
at the kit that they brought in and be
like is this a low-l player who's played
a lot but just they didn't go super hard
this season or is this actually a new
player and if it was a new player I'd
throw all their stuff in a bush so they
get it back in Insurance cuz like I
don't I'm not like super proud of that W
you know yeah but I I think sometimes
like some things that I do like about
not skill-based matchmaking is like if
if I think about playing TF2 mostly most
of these are going to come from TF2 but
I think about playing TF2 back in the
day especially with really big Lobby
games it's like a five versus five I I
can't think of many scenarios where I
liked non-skill based matchmaking but
big Lobby games you'd find like the one
good person on the other team and even
if you weren't doing that well
trying to like hunt that person down had
a very deep level of satisfaction to it
like maybe I'm not doing that great in
the game but if I can impact this game
by taking down their star player every
once in a while through like certain
weird type of gameplay then that's like
really fun to me I think there's
emergent types of gameplay I think
there's emergent interactions that
happen from mixing pot instead of
skill-based matchmaking and I think
there's a little bit of forever
treadmill that comes from skill-based
matchmaking um that I think might be
result like part of this story is that
90% of over of players had a lower
overall play time when it wasn't
skill-based matchmaking and I don't know
personally that all of that is just
because they enjoyed the game more I I
would say that as much as I do think
skill-based matchmaking is in general
better um I suspect some of that
increased play time is because of the
forever treadmill of I'm always slightly
behind sure you never had a game where
you were number one you never like these
things didn't really happen because the
game is designed to not really allow
that to happen um
sure so I don't know I understand why
some people might think it's negative
personally I think overall it is more
positive I do see a lot of people
talking about how like what if I you
know just want to relax and play a game
for fun without trying too hard and it's
like right but the issue is that you're
playing a competitive game so the other
team they don't have the luxury of
deciding oh I'm down I'll just try and
win um and so it's not about you it's
about everybody having an opportunity to
win and that that to me I mean that's
the very that's that's the the
foundational core of competition if
there's if one side decides who's going
to win would would you would you tune
into a sporting event like I think
that's why the TF2 examples stand out to
me is because as much as I am definitely
try Harding cuz I sort of do that all
the time and everything but in TF2 it is
much more of like an arcade game with a
huge Lobby because I'm used to like 16
versus 16 arcade style gameplay and then
that that's where you're going to get a
lot more of those emergent cases where
you can like head hunt the top players
and all other yeah and but in TF2 just
through the sheer law of numbers unless
people are being complete You Know Jack
yeah and it's going to average out a lot
better it will it the chances of it
averaging out it's also a more chaotic
game there is absolutely skill in Team
Fortress 2 totally but there's also
absolutely stepping on uh uh a bomb just
because you know it was was flung across
the map like it's like it happens right
and so I think that I think that TF2 is
is an example of a game where as long as
people are not mal iously intentionally
stacking the teams then it's not nearly
as much of an issue but honestly I'm so
glad you brought that up because we all
know that team stacking is a dick thing
to do and essentially when you argue
against skills-based matchmaking you're
saying well I should be allowed to be on
a stacked
team yeah I don't feel like it happened
that much in TF2 though I I I think
across the board I don't love it but in
certain games like in COD does make
sense yeah yeah I I I don't think
there's a very good argument against
skillbase matchmaking and CAU but I do
think there's other games where it's
genuinely fun there's no way that I
would play Halo infinite without skills
based matchmaking it' be a complete
waste of time a top level player is on
such a different level that they would
just wipe the other team grab the flag
drop it wipe them when they respawn and
carry it back like it's just it's not
are they having fun and if they are like
what's wrong with them you
know um I'm sorry I I I definitely see
how there are how there are formats
where where skills based matchmaking
might not make that much sense I mean
even okay coming back to Halo infinite
the one semi competitive game I guess I
play that actually has uh what's what
MMR I guess is what our play what what's
the player uh
ranking uh it like it depends sort of on
how it's being handled but if you say
MMR most people know what you mean yeah
so so it's probably the one game I play
these days that
has like a persistent MMR that chases
you across all the different formats but
if you're playing big Team Battle yeah I
could see them playing a little faster
and looser with it yeah uh cuz things
are just sort of generally more chaotic
but if you're playing like a 4v4 format
one person being out of whack completely
destroys the gameplay experience for
everyone including themselves whether
they realize it or not the the I I just
thought of another argument that might
come up for the anti-skill based
matchmaking crowd is is is that some
games do lock you out from being able to
play with your friends if there's too
much of a gap um I know that used to be
a thing and that's a bummer but like the
answer to that is just allowing user
servers right like the answer to that is
not to not have an MMR and not have
skills based matchmaking in my opinion
that combination of dedicated user
servers and skill-based matchmaking is
the absolute prime that's the way to go
and I'm not saying I'm not saying you
shouldn't be allowed to play with your
friends or you shouldn't be allowed to I
mean uh Luke and Joe and I would uh
would Lobby up with my son when he he's
getting kind of sweaty actually I was
going to say he's probably better now
every time I play with him he's a little
better I know but we would Lobby up with
him and we would know that we're going
to have to carry him and that you know
the matchmaking is going to be a little
bit weird because I'm going to go
probably well I'm I'm all over the place
I'll be anywhere yeah I'll be anywhere
from like sub one: one to like 4 to one
depending on how things are going for
me anyway genuinely pretty confusing
doesn't matter the the point is that
Luke and Joe are both really good I'm
this X Factor and then my son's was
going to go like you know one and 15 or
whatever so we we knew that was going to
happen um and and and I would never
argue that you shouldn't be allowed to
play the game you want to play it but
there's a time and a place and you have
to understand why these systems are in
place and that it's not about you it's
about it's about creating an environment
where everybody has a fair chance to win
and bad skill Bas ranking yeah that
sucks yeah like if you've got if you've
got skills based matchmaking and you're
being dumped time and time again into
matches where you are getting
absolutely just destroyed um there I
mean it could be one of two problems it
could be that their their skills based
ranking system is not very good or it
could be three problems it could be that
the servers are really light and that
they just don't have a lot of options
for matching things up but problem
number three is that you could have run
into three holes who are playing on
Smurf accounts and are ruining the
system for everyone yeah so to me the I
mean the problem so often is not the
game but the gamers yeah yeah um I think
if everyone in good faith
engages in like a skills based
matchmaking system I think it can work
really well I think you especially run
into trouble if people are not um I
don't know man I feel like I'm going to
end up like lit up on r/ COD or
something like that over this
but I've had worse maybe there's parts
of the argument that we don't know I
don't know but it it seems pretty
straightforward to me I don't know what
my something I like so if if there if
there isn't dedicated servers and you're
still just using matchmaking on both
sides something I like is when there's
when there's ranked and the rank is very
much in your face and when there isn't
ranked and it's skill it's still
skill-based matchmaking I prefer it if
you can find it if it's possible yep
sure don't don't show the up and down
after every game don't make it a center
feature thing but if I can like go into
my profile and find it somewhere that's
kind of cool because like for me it's I
would like to know if I'm getting better
if that makes sense yeah and I mean for
me I I I did find it frustrating that
when I was when I signed up for playing
ranked you know
that because when I was in that mood I
was playing ranked but when I signed up
for quick play or whatever else it
turned out I was playing ranked as well
like I think a lot of this could be
solved by these companies just having a
separate game mode that is skills based
ranking or not skills based ranking I
mean providing player choice is never a
bad option but what I suspect that
people would discover is these high
skilled players that want to go dunon
noobs in the not skills based ranking
mode are going to discover that none of
those people want to be in there with
them like I used to sweat super hard in
League of Legends and something that I
would do is in the non-ranked mode um is
that a thing pretty sure that's the
thing am I tripping no yeah there
there's yeah there's ranked and not
ranked okay it's been a long time I
haven't cared about league in like a
decade um but when I used to sweat in
League I would only play very specific
characters in ranked and I would try
really hard yeah and then in not ranked
maybe sometimes I'd play those
characters but I wouldn't really be
trying as hard or I'd be experimenting
with new item builds or something
usually I'd be doing something that
wasn't exactly the same as what I'd be
doing at ranked trying a new item build
trying a new opener trying new laning
partners trying a new Lane even um maybe
even going as far as trying entirely new
characters like I don't want to be
evaluated at the same level as I was in
ranked um so I do appreciate that as
well who's your main uh I used to call
her Ashy and then I heard people that
run the game say her name and now it's
Ash apparently oh and that's fine oh oh
man Luke that's a silent E I liked E I
liked ashy more I prefer that name ashy
y all right y fun fact it's my little
brother's nickname as a like small small
child oh cool
yeah um anywh who what are we supposed
to be doing Dan he's not paying
attention I am I just have my mic muted
in here for the he was cutting the grass
you could hear him that was Dan out
there my extra job mowing the lawn he's
he's got to pick up some side hustles
you know lmg doesn't pay like it used to
yeah uh we can do merch messages in 10
minutes so you could do another topic up
to you sure let's do another topic what
about this one Speaking of Dan sure go
for it I didn't even look at what you
clicked on uh do your invoice Dan oh yes
uh okay so we talked about this previous
L on the show Dan has not invoiced me
correctly for the help with the memorial
for my sister so I have put a note in
the show today Dan needs to make the
invoice and send it to me now or I will
not proceed with the
show
okay I'll
wait Luke you can talk but I will not
participate in the show until Dan is
done sending me a proper invoice uh what
do I go talk about I I'm CH 5609 says
value yourself properly Dan sent me an
invoice for the help that he gave me
that was not enough and so I have
informed him that he will send me a
bigger invoice and I talked about this
on the show a week ago or two weeks ago
I have since then sent him three
follow-ups and he has not returned an
invoice to me to be fair it was on my
personal
email yes which is extremely reasonable
but I guess I just don't check it enough
I I don't think that was the reason
dude I like never check my personal
email it's like a problem actually oh
yeah my personal email is just like
delivery notifications like I yeah I I
basically don't have a personal email
which could be a problem someday if I
ever just don't work here anymore get
fired or something like there you go
that's sent he promises that I have
proper invoice I sent you a proper
invoice once this is a larger number
money for a different rate card but sure
whatever whatever dude fine I I
I don't know if I'm offended that you
thought that I would give you a good
rate or something just because I don't
know I don't know
man there no Dan look I don't mean any
offense by it what I mean is that people
should be valued for the look Mark tried
to comp me for the uh for the
um H H what was it for the compilation
from from that one for the second we had
to do a uh harrowing experience we had
to do a second Memorial because my
grandparents couldn't make it to the
first one and there was a whole bunch of
family drama around that anyway the
point is uh we had a compilation which
by the way the footage from the first
one turned out great thank you very much
Dan and Brandon our old camera editor
our camera editor our old camera guy
actually helped with it as well so they
both helped put the whole thing together
for me um anyway Mark tried to comp me
on the compilation that he did for that
and I'm having the same argument with
him him I can't leverage stopping the
show until he comp you you
did let me put it this way let me put
it hold on I haven't even looked at this
number this is this is pretty funny to
observe because uh makes me feel bad I
think I think Dan is genuinely
frustrated I am I I I don't know I like
he specifically said you know don't give
me a good rate because so I just gave
him the rate card for the work that I
did well and now he's like it's wrong
give me the different rate card so now I
feel bad and I'm getting called out
publicly on it and I've been stewing on
this no we need to have a conversation
because I think I believe very strongly
that you are undervaluing your
time that's what that is my for that
service that you bought from
me no no no because because the the
reason you can do that service is all
the is all the wealth of experience that
you have like yeah you didn't do that
much but other people couldn't do
it I guess yeah
no yes yes you it's important even this
I don't think the hour count is right
but that's okay you sent it to me in a
sheet so I can just edit
it oh my God this guy all right that's
good enough at least I'm on a Google
sheet and as far as I can tell I have
sharing privileges on it so I'll deal
with
it good
chat oh my God I'm quitting freelancing
these clients are awful they either
don't or they're like I I can't I don't
understand what a tip
is just pay me in cash it's like say 5%
don't tell the
government oh
no oh boy uh I have an update while
we're in the announcement section I have
an update love you you
too on the uh the video we did where we
reviewed people's setups internally oh
yeah uh I went to go actually buy Nolan
a monitor but he has two sick new ones
already that monitor was just like a
bait was he meing on us his other
monitors were like flood damaged so he
borrowed that monitor from a friend it
was his lunch back I want his $10 Uber e
gift card back he was waiting for his
like flood damage insurance and then
just balled out and bought two sick
monitors all right
well I mean I was legitimately going to
buy him a monitor yeah whatever excuse
you give yourself it wasn't I was I was
literally shopping for one he was going
to he would have done it he would have
got you a birthday present wow he
thought of it and everything wow I can't
fight
this it's
indefensible man speaking of the number
of people that were upset about the
prize being lunch in the form of a $10
Uber Eats gift card even though we like
we altered the headline yeah I mean it
was the priz there is no priz it's just
a funny video but the it was crowd it
was crowd we actually had the unaltered
headline and then it like changed it was
a he haahha is is joke is joke he's
funny he's funny he's so
funny hurts me you know what doesn't
hurt merch messages let's do some merch
messages the way to interact with the
show is of course merch messages don't
don't leave a super chat or a twitch bit
leave a merch message go to LTT
store.com we've got all kinds of great
products for you to check out over there
including our new chroma t-shirt it's
inspired by the chromaticity diagram one
of the best tools to represent the range
of colors visible to the human eye why
wear one color when you can wear all of
them and black like always it's printed
on our custom LTT blanks that are soft
cozy and Shrink resistant we also are
calling out even though there is no
particular deal on it or
anything yes you going to put it on yeah
it's going to take a while though
because buttons it's a it's a it's a
paradigm that I've never really fully
wrapped my head around it's like a shirt
that takes several times longer to put
on because it has buttons in the front
but you know what you can't argue with
the look we're also promoting the macad
dress Oxford it's designed to be a fun
and versatile shirt that you can dress
up or down inspired by the shirt that
our host Jonathan Horst actually wore in
the very first macad dress video the
fabric comes with a little bit of
stretch for added comfort and has a
little macad dress logo embroidered on
the corner of the shirt pocket I was
going to figure that out I I I would
have
realized here we go yes I am one of
those monsters who only partway
unbuttons it and then slips it over the
top I hate this I feel I feel I bet you
don't even own cuff links I haven't even
seen anybody call me out yet
but I feel called out oh yeah looks good
on you though thank you of course it
does a nice
shirt what did I just
see yeah what do you what what do you
guys what do you guys want from me okay
what do you guys want and anyway the
reason we're featuring this one is not
for any reason other than that Maria who
worked on the photos for it was really
proud of the photo shoot that they did
and um really wanted us to feature the
pictures on the show because we didn't
do it before that's super cute they're
great photos she has really been
stepping up her game yeah the product
photos are doing doing very well oh yeah
outstanding look at this how cute is
this no way I think they're in the same
place that we did the photo shoot for
the photography challenge that little
like walking path near the office yeah
yeah yeah yeah oh well I don't know
whatever where Colton has the yeah where
Colton's pregnant or James is pregnant
one of them is pregnant I think I think
James is posing as Colton's partner and
Colton is pregnant yeah yeah fantastic
and for those of you who don't know
there
are both standard and Tall
sizes what what no way what oh wait oh
oh well apparently they've been popular
small tall unavailable we might have uh
we might have some
lanky tiny Boys in our
community I want to see an LT like vest
to go along with it as well anyway to um
to leave a merch message all you got to
do is add an item to your cart leave a
merch message and check out and it'll go
to producer Dan who will I inv bitterly
complain about just you know wanting to
be valued for his work or whatever um
he'll forward it to someone internally
or reply to it himself pop it up at the
bottom like this or he will curate it
for me and Luke to respond to why don't
we do a couple curated ones to show the
people how it works sure let's see hey
LD question for lonus after getting
handson with the Zotac gaming zone are
there any features that you think would
make you switch to that from the Ally I
mean the fact that it is the only non
steam deck that has
um I if I recall correct man I I don't
want to say the wrong thing so I'm just
going to I'm just going to double check
and make sure that it's the right one
that I remember I believe it comes with
dual trackpads though yeah if I recall
correctly it's the only non steam deck
handheld that has dual trackpads so if
you wanted the improved performance of
the Z1
extreme compared to the steam deck which
is a significant uplift um but you
wanted dual track pads then this kind of
seems like the only game in town
everything else about it seemed pretty
fine I guess um but I think that is
their most obvious um that's their most
obvious selling point uh the adjustable
triggers is kind kind of cool personally
I don't use them uh but this really
opens up different gaming experiences
that with dual joysticks is not
necessarily
possible I know it's a bit of a dead
meme but um
Civ having touchpads like that is a lot
nicer comp mean people love civiliz I
just mean
like we've been saying that for like
eight years or something oh sure it's
always been the example for like oh this
would be cool oh I can use this steam
controller from like what what was like
2015 or whatever so I can play Civ on my
couch like it's been the same example
the whole time wow people are super
called out ker is like I'm playing Civ
right now yeah that's cool how dare you
good I I added the last
part he he felt it though hit me Dan
hello guys a month or two ago Raspberry
Pi went public many worry that they will
now become like any other greedy
corporate company what are your thoughts
I would be lying if I wasn't a bit
worried that is sort of the point
honestly speaking I have
been I I've been kind of observing that
the Raspberry Pi Foundation already
wasn't really doing Raspberry Pi
Foundation things like it and you know
what I'm sure that there are factors
that I'm not aware of I don't have any
insight or knowledge here or anything
like that but the fact that it has been
so difficult to get a Raspberry Pi like
a first party Raspberry Pi at MSRP for
for so long um to me is just a clear
indication that they don't they don't
want to make enough of them at the super
low price um like I If it was if it was
over the course of the you know silicon
shortage during the pandemic or if it
was for a short period of time um
apparently it hasn't been hard to get an
MSRP Pi for over a year so
okay the sold out for most selling
selling yeah I I don't know it's also
been a huge known problem of Raspberry
Pi since like basically launched and
they' launched in 2012 so like okay them
just solving it in the last years well
yes and no I mean they have had valid
reasons for a lot of that time so all
all I can really say is it seemed to me
that they were operating less like a a
not for proit foundation and more like
just a company that makes little
computers for a long time um I had yeah
go ahead the second you go public you're
you're beholden to whatever shareholder
owns the most shares so
like I don't know um Mad Max Gyver says
they sold them to Industry and
Professionals in priority as far as I
know yeah see like I said these are all
things that I that I I don't have any
insid or knowledge for I I I don't I I
don't really I don't know a ton about it
other than to say that they are split
now between Raspberry Pi Foundation and
then like Raspberry Pi the company and I
forget what the exact naming is or exact
breakdown is um and the only reason to
do that would be to pursue profit for
the sake of your corporate shareholders
so I can absolutely see why you would be
concerned because
basically going public and being
beholden to shareholders seems like a
downhill slide every time it happens um
with that said I mean there's no reason
to say that a company couldn't be
terrible because of private Equity
holders like oh yeah absolutely just
because you don't go public doesn't mean
you're a good company um it might it
might even like mean the opposite you
want to be able to do more things in the
shade apparently Sony is a major
stakeholder okay well that's fun uh this
link has a locator for raspberry pies at
MSRP rpy locator.com uh
all
right so pshop us and pshop Califor
California Canada are both in stock what
is update status no what does that even
mean add the cart yeah in stock so there
you go maybe everything's fine at least
for now good luck everybody
H me with one more Dan oh yeah sure sure
uh let's have a look hey Bo Luke and
Daisy thoughts on how to get change in a
niche duopoly I work in radiotherapy
physics and choice is cheap vers cheap
and bad versus expensive and good how to
make cheap up their game at least a
little wow you want me to solve yeah
like antitrust issues good luck bro um
got this you have 180 characters go uh
yeah um Good Luck
everybody I
um send them words of encouragement you
know while you're at it you want to
solve capitalism yeah uh
hunger uh
I I I appreciate the the desire um but I
don't think there's really anything you
can do uh cheap isn't going to be
incentivized by they're they're both
really not really going to be
incentivized by anything other than
profit if you can convince cheap they'll
get more of the market if they make
their things better um sure but they're
probably getting their Market by being
affordable yeah and they're and and
that's probably affecting their R&D
budgets
um and in you know a field like radio
therapy
I I I I I I don't think that you
necessarily want to um you know
encourage the use of the one that you
know is
bad you know just so that they can get
more Revenue yeah um so that's that's
real tough that's real
tough okay uh why don't we do another
topic Luke do you want to pick one sure
yeah hopefully you know something how
about some good news can the EU save
video
o yeah this is exciting a few weeks ago
the EU registered stop destroying video
games as a Citizens initiative a
petition that EU citizens can go sign
onto if they want an official response
from the EU government the initiative is
part of Ross Scott's stop killing games
movement and it aims to prevent
Publishers from remotely rendering games
unplayable when they decide to
discontinue support this week the
petition opened for online signatures
its organizers will have a year to
collect at least a million signatures
which I'm fairly sure they will do but
they'll only do so if you go sign it so
please do so right now uh they will also
have to hit a minimum number of
signatures from citizens within seven EU
countries um all 1 million signatures
can't just come from one country for
example um however these thresholds are
relatively
low like I'm posting I'm posting the
link in all the various chats everywhere
where people watch The W show now is a
really good time if you are a citizen of
any of these places to head over there
and
register this is this is kind of it's
kind of important I mean in the grand
scheme of things no you know it's not
that important but for as Gamers um if
we want to have any chance of preserving
the gaming experiences that we're having
right now before they all just get
sunset by the developers or maybe more
likely the Publishers um you got to get
on this because this is is the most
momentum we've ever had by a country
mile oh yeah yeah yeah so I dropped
links in all the chats guys uh do what
you can to spread the word like if you
know even one person in
Bulgaria uh G get them get them to
register uh to to issue a statement of
support uh it'll help a bit which is all
we can really hope
for uh is that it no uh this week the
petition opened for online signatures
its organizers will have a year to
collect those signatures oh I already
said that b the petition doesn't ensure
legal action but it will obligate
political leaders in the EU to respond
to the
issue very interesting uh Alexander asks
if there's an update on the backpack
zipper replacement actually there is I
got a whole I got a whole timeline for
it uh basically we have already done
priority ones where people contacted us
saying that it's broken and then then
the rest of them are going out in waves
and I'm just going to check real
quicker here we go here we go shipping
waves and scheduling
so wave one is
complete um wave
two is oh wait no Wave 1 will be
complete by September 9th wave two will
be complete so this will be another
5,000 to 10,000 units this will be
complete by the end of September wave
three should be complete in early
October wave four should be complete by
end of October and wave five should be
complete in November so we should have
all of them out by
November yay finally the end of this
epic Saga you're still dealing with that
asks Scrappy DP yeah so it turns out um
when you sell 40,000 of something with a
defective something on it and there's
four of them on each one and you need to
make
160,000 replacement defective things um
might take a sec It Takes a Minute um we
basically metal right yeah they're made
of titanium yeah so we basically like
developed a product um that we don't
sell that we just send to people who got
a bad product um as you can imagine
we're a little put out by the whole
thing given that the Carabiner was
developed by our backpack partner so
we're like super not stoked on all that
but I mean we're we're committed to
doing the right thing even if it takes
us a minute uh we want to do it right
the last thing we wanted to do was send
out something that was just going to
fail again so uh yeah we're we're still
dealing with it but uh hey we're dealing
with it so can't yeah I know I'll leave
that actually so cool uh speaking of
things that should potentially be
dealing with a recall hey why don't we
talk about Intel this week uh Intel has
extended warranties on on 13th and 14th
gen
CPUs which is good but that is about the
only good news coming out of Intel this
week um for one thing and this is funny
this I was chatting with Wendell from
level one Tex and he pointed out
something that wouldn't have even
occurred to me since I haven't worked in
in the in the retail bis for a while um
so you can buy Intel CPUs uh Trey or or
OEM
and generally speaking for end users it
doesn't make a ton of sense to do that
because the savings are really small if
you're just buying one trade chip there
have been times when buying an oem CPU
or like a try CPU has been a hack to
save a significant amount of money uh
like I remember back in the
um back in the Athlon XP days you could
pick up these um these mobile like two
2500 Plus mobile chips that were were
only available as as a tray part and
they were significantly less expensive
and they were rumored to be better bined
than the Desktop 2500 pluses and the
only drawback was they didn't come with
a heat sink and they only came with a
one-year warranty instead of a
three-year warranty you might see where
I'm going with this with warranty
differences yeah so anyone who's buying
these 13th and 14th gen chips in bulk
might be buying them OEM in order to
save on the cost of the cooler and you
know shipping the Box around because
they just they come in a tray they
literally come in a tray if you buy
enough of them um they are not getting
the warranty extension oh so they're
just left with oh and the funny thing
about it to me is that seems unwise the
difference in price at least everywhere
I'd ever seen it and maybe there's a
bigger difference if you're negotiating
this directly with Intel or whatever but
the difference in price that I had seen
over the years did not really justify
the difference in warranty coverage to
me like it seems like Intel could
probably afford based on what people are
paying for these things to just extend
the warranty for them as well but
currently it does not look like Intel is
planning to extend the warranty of OEM
parts at least unless I unless I hear uh
otherwise so that's some bad news and it
gets even worse this week Intel
announced
15,000 layoffs and I've got to say um I
don't think that number is actually
fully up to date because uh yeah really
the Scuttle butt in the office this
morning uh yeah it's it's gone up uh
Intel said says it will cut around1
19,000 jobs as it aims to save $10
billion in a
year they also are apparently canceling
anything non-essential in order to cut
costs uh Intel's stock recently hit a
50-year low and this is why I don't give
Financial advice um and this follows two
consecutive quarters of financial losses
it is unclear how well the company will
shoulder the cost of Outsourcing its
upcoming lunar Lake chips so Intel has
traditionally enjoyed very good margins
on their silicon products because they
do their fabrication inh house but they
have chips coming that are not
fabricated by Intel's own Fab I still
believe in Pat Ginger's Vision if he
does get a chance to execute on it of
turning Intel into a Fab Company as well
as a chip company I still think that's
uh maybe at this point the only path
forward for them but my goodness has
this ever been a rough
week sorry uh yeah what are you looking
at I don't know all the history behind
that yet behind this yet but of course
Wall Street bets has some some epicness
oh yeah looks like someone dropped 700k
on Intel like right then and it has a
current return of minus 200,000 man I've
seen some wild lost porn over there well
I've seen a lot worse than this but just
like this is on topic that's all that's
pretty rough though pretty rough um also
on the subject of Intel's CPU wos uh in
response to our video summarized in the
current situation with unexpected
degradation on 13th and 14th gen CPUs on
Tech quickie uh some commenters felt
that the video included out-of-date
explanations and unnecessarily placed
blame on Intel's motherboard Partners um
and our discussion question here is this
is a perfect example of why we
introduced our new bad faith comment
policies across the Forum and YouTube
comments um ironically Reddit seems to
be kind of self- moderating at this
point so we haven't made any changes
there um but wow wait good job rdit I
know right but guys the number of people
commenting on that video talking about
how level one TX has covered this so
much better and we're ignorant and
whatever
else wend from level one Tex literally
collaborated on the video literally
proofed the script so you can argue with
the tech quickie video but if you are
you're arguing with Wendell and you
might be
right and I mean his video might be
better might not be better I don't know
or it might it might have it might cover
it from a different angle totally um
we've always said you should watch with
breadth you should get opinions from
different areas absolutely I love
watching um but at the end of the day
the view the video is getting like
dislike bombed essentially um and it
really does feel like we've reached just
this Tipping Point of
Ridiculousness where whatever we say is
wrong because we said it and it has
nothing to do with where we sourced the
information or how accurate it is um but
we collaborated not just with Wendell
from level one TCH but we also worked
extensively with um Kel from Falcon
Northwest who has been working on this
in the background for much longer than
you guys have been aware of it or other
members of the tech media have been
aware of it and has uh actually provided
some really cool insights into how this
whole thing has devolved to the point
that it's reached now so
um I don't know I guess good job outing
yourself as someone who didn't watch the
whole video or who's just not really
open
to anything we say
um conveniently um that makes it really
easy for us to call the herd see you
later never
oh I guess I never really I never really
said what I was talking about so on the
on the community posts feature of
YouTube we put our kind of we formalized
our sort of bad faith commenting policy
and chewy actually asked me to give some
examples of you know what exactly that
means because a lot of people are
concerned that it means that you're not
allowed to leave um any feedback that's
critical of of us or our videos and that
is
absolutely not the case uh so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to dig into the
thread that I have with our Forum
moderators where we kind of discussed
this roll out with them and I'm going to
dig up some of the examples of what this
would be and I'm not going to like harp
on people leaving mean comments or
whatever this isn't going to be one of
those but I want to give people some
reassurance that this this isn't like oh
you can't say you disagree you
absolutely can I mean that's how we
learn that's how we get better that's
absolutely valuable to us but we can't
have people just making stuff up and
then presenting it as fact and then
allowing that misinformation to Fester
within our own Community there's nothing
we can do about what takes place
elsewhere but we are absolutely not
going to allow it in our own Community
um so one example that I'll give now is
anyone who said that our PS portal video
was sponsored that's it you're gone
you're done you're out it wasn't it just
wasn't you don't get to say something
that isn't
true on our platform you don't get to
just make it up and then be mad about it
it's not that's not a right that you
have I'm afraid uh Luke do you want to
do a topic real quick while I get signed
into the forum because I'm not signed
into the forum on this computer sure
which probably makes sense because I
probably shouldn't be but now I will be
but now you're signed into everything
else bad anyways so it doesn't really
matter
um let's no um let's see
um researchers find and stop potential
stalking vulnerabilities in dating apps
Belgian researchers found that several
popular dating apps including Bumble
grinder and hinge all have had the same
vulnerability sorry all had the same
vulnerability that could have been used
to find the near exact location of
another user oh dude so much for the all
positive W show this is like the worst
thing ever that's rough these problems
have since been fixed however following
researchers um following researchers
reaching out to these
companies oh so it was fixed afterwards
I mean that's not too surprising uh the
vulnerability required no hacking
knowledge o instead a malicious person
could use the proximity tracker in the
app to triangulate another user's
position simply by moving in small
increments until they are no longer
listed I guarantee you people did that
that's like the most obvious thing in
the world oh yeah so they could just
triangulate someone's position by just
moving around make sure they're on the
edge of your detection bubble and then
go around and you find exact yeah that's
that's apparently it was accurate to
within about 2
m so they're not obfuscating the
distances of people at all or weren't
yikes according to researchers this
would be enough information to estimate
users location within a few yards yeah
uh the apps fixed these issues by making
coordinates less precise uh though
rounding up by through rounding up by
three decimal places okay um why do you
need to know even
like I don't even really get it like
shouldn't you just be able to tell if
they're in literally like this the
city yeah that should be enough that
should be enough Luke you're a developer
wouldn't it just be easier to just go
like oh here's their GPS location we'll
just stick that in our thing instead of
like extrapolating any data from that
sure but like don't do that yeah but it
was easy you're right it's just
frustrating
oh okay the discussion questions are
probably already I don't know why is it
so hard for people making these tools to
Fore all the potential and malicious
uses because there isn't any funding
behind doing that um and how often are
we just reproducing the same mistakes
without realizing it um constantly yeah
I
um ah
I mean I don't expect them to come up
with every malicious way that someone
can use a tool right like you can't you
can't predict all the awful ways that
someone could name someone else with a
hammer and that doesn't mean that we
shouldn't have hammers and that doesn't
mean that we should blame the inventor
of the hammer but this getting the
location of people on dating
apps seems like it probably should have
been something they thought of maybe an
option someone was like uh being that
grinder is for hookups uh across town
can be a deal breaker it's like okay
well that should be an optin at the very
least right like it it's either
shouldn't be a thing at all and should
still just be like a city or whatever
Tokyo is a city okay so a district I
don't know something big like I I don't
think this is uh super complicated um
but it should be either a vague area
some large area of some kind uh that you
wouldn't be able to pinpoint someone
within or if you like very explicitly
said like make me findable like maybe
you're at like a a a festival of some
sort and you like want people to come up
and say hi like sure why not but
yeah Kristen said as a woman it's a
really scary thought yeah that makes
sense I I I think it's extremely
reasonable for that to be a very scary
thought
all right um I'm going to get through
this as quickly as we can just so that
people have some examples of what we
mean sure so here's a comment where
someone accuses us of dragging our our
an LT video out past the 10-minute Mark
so that we can um so we can milk more
ads out of it more YouTube ads out of it
that's awesome so the issue here is that
it's not even 10 minutes anymore um I
forget what the limit is because um we
don't have mid roll ads on
LTT so there's two problems um yeah you
don't again so you don't get to make up
a problem and then be mad about it um
this kind of this kind of weird
projection is another example of
something that's just not going to pass
anymore um so this is I think this was
on might have been the building oh shoot
I had meant to sensor usernames well
whatever they've been in both so far Oh
I thought it wasn't in the first one it
was whoops oh well they'll get over it
um so this I think was on the building
the CEO PC like the like that the the
the co-host was like scared of me or
something and I'm just I'm sitting here
going what are you even what are you
even talking
about
um let's see oh man yeah this one this
one's a doozy so this is on the we tried
5G blocking paint
video um this guy might have eat eaten
the paint this Canadian company that
makes this paint also sells a shield to
put under your laptop because all laptop
computers emit EMF and continuous
exposure has the potential to cause
serious health problems such as
sterility in men blah blah blah uh blah
blah they also sell shielded hoodies
ball caps Bush Hats boxers uh etc etc
etc oddly the children's items are
t-shirts no lotions or goggles either
this is my last visit to LT yes you are
judged by The Company You Keep were you
like making fun of it yeah
nice and so there's people that are
worried that we're going to uh there's
people that are worried that just like
jokes are going to get caught by this
you know bad faith U policy I could
understand that and I understand that
but this isn't about that this is this
is people
who have such a have such
a a sour position on us and our content
that they weren't even willing to pause
for a second and go this seems so
ridiculous that maybe I'm the one who
misunderstood the
situation
um so that's that's it guys that that's
all I have to say about that well I like
used to be against against moderation um
and these days I'm I'm not because I
think the internet has never been as
divisive um
did did these comments have
traction uh or did you just find them by
reading every single comment on the it
doesn't matter anymore um because what
I've actually found is that I don't mean
in as a resistance to doing the thing to
be clear mostly just curiosity some of
them some of them do most of them don't
yeah okay and so because it's a very
vocal small minority um it's it's
actually hasn't been a ton of work to
clean things up a fair bit but we also
just it's really funny because um I saw
some people kind of criticizing us for
the new policy and I saw some people who
get it because they're like look the
only reason you know about this is
because they're telling you yeah once
again lmg's transparency bites them in
the butt because you wouldn't even be
having this conversation because you'd
be Shadow band um if they didn't tell
you in advance so it's been on a very
small scale up until now but we're
announcing it formally so people
understand if you're going to comment
that we missed something in a video you
better make bloody well sure that you
watched the
video don't comment that we missed an
important point if you watched the first
30 seconds and I'm not saying you have
to watch the whole video you don't but
don't come in guns blazing that's
all it's all I
ask all right let's
go what do you want to talk about next
Dan what are we supposed to
do okay well why don't we talk
about um oh YouTube continuing the ad
blocker arms
race users of various ad blockers have
reported seeing blank black screens on
YouTube videos which linger for 5 to 20
seconds before the video plays it is
speculated that these are ads that have
been partially blocked and a possible
sign of the serers side ad injection
technology that YouTube is reportedly
working on our discussion question here
actually let's get to the discussion
question in a minute here's what I want
to know why exactly would you see a
black
screen if the video if the ad is
embedded within the video stream
itself How could an ad blocker block it
but not block
it do you have any kind of deeper
understanding of how that would
happen not really to be honest T Lewis
in chat in flo plane chat says yeah I
got I got the black screen refreshing
the page works but it's weird it makes
it go away as in you don't get the black
screen anymore and the video just I'm
not sure what they mean by refreshing
the page
works uh kig says I had those happened a
while ago but they
stopped I I have so there's some
comments coming in on the comment
moderation thing and I just instead of
typing this out because technically it's
an assumption I'll just ask you live um
I think people are overestimating how
often these actions will be taken how
often do you think these actions are
taken um I would say on a given video
probably 5 to 10 people are going to end
up with a
ban how many comments are on a given
video uh anywhere from hundreds to
thousands over time I expect the numbers
to go way down pretty rapidly there's
there's I can't we talked about on W
show it was some study that like um Bad
actors in in things like uh forums and
and things like
that it's it's a very very small number
of individuals that cause a very huge
portion of the disruption yep so
hopefully it won't be very much yeah
pretty
much I found when when moderating
communities that like you deal with some
edge cases and then generally it's
mostly fine um the smaller the community
the easier it is so there's definitely
going to be some challenges but yes um
I'm I'm not I'm not too worried about
it uh okay what was the main topic we
were
on I derailed us too much um users have
reported seeing blank black screens on
YouTube videos I don't know how that
would work how could YouTube manage to
serve a a long black video sequence but
not the ad yeah yeah that's odd
block blocking it or not like it to my
previous interpretation of it was kind
of like a yes or no type of
situation um so yeah I'm not really sure
I'm not sure how that works I wonder if
if YouTube has like a fail state where
if it doesn't have a certain amount of
data it just pushes through this
like yeah black video I have no idea
interesting not sure we've got a video
coming as part of degoogle your life
part two we'll be talking about ad
blocking uh we'll be talking about uh in
particular on YouTube because I think
for our audience YouTube is going to be
one of the biggest challenges for deg
Googling their life um in the first in
the first episode I think we got into uh
like web browser uh DNS and the second
one we go man we go deep uh so password
managers um trying to think what else is
in it yeah so for those of you waiting
gole your life part two is shot now and
Emily has been working her way through
the guidance for it this week uh should
be coming in fact it may even be on the
schedule now I think it's at a stage of
completion that it may be scheduled let
me have a quick look here oh speaking of
things that are scheduled
though scrapyard Wars part two is up on
float plane yeah uh no it's not
scheduled yet um the reviews are in
people are flipping loving it I'm so
excited I'm so glad we waited a week and
let them let them cook uh it's got a
whatever this works out to 50 to one
like dislike ratio or something like
that people are absolutely loving it ah
best format on the internet let's go uh
so we're going to have uh this will be
up on YouTube on Tuesday and we're going
to be trying to do early access for
scrapyard Wars throughout the series
over on float plane.com so that's lm. g/
floatplane if you want to sign up and
get more scrapyard
Wars you haven't watched it yet no where
the title so the title is It's not
cheating it's strategy read the title
yeah so uh
what what it wasn't my team that said
that that's all I have to say well it
might have been my team yeah yeah
there's only two teams yeah there's two
teams yeah might have been my team yeah
so I mean you
okay do I spoil anything should I spoil
anything no
okay don't spoil anything okay I'm you
know what I'm not gonna I'm not going to
spoil anything I'm not going to spoil
anything also you don't want to talk
about it too much cuz we might do a like
commentary reaction streaming thing
that's true yeah what I know what I know
for sure is that you already know about
anything that I
did in fact you knew
at the time so it couldn't be that bad
so it's just strategy and if you don't
like it I mean there's always the option
of getting
good yeah okay okay okay yeah this isn't
the finale so it doesn't even tell you
anything that might or might not happen
in the in the days cuz I think this only
goes up to partway through day two of
the challenge so there's there's lots
more scrapyard Wars to go I think they
they were pushing initially for three
episodes and after David and I looked at
everything that happened we were like no
this is four no it it took place over
only 3 days dude in the last like I
didn't we
nope yeah there's I can't talk about it
it's so frustrating I know I know it was
cuz I was just going to mention
something that happened in content that
isn't even available anywhere yet flow
plane so it's like okay yeah I need to
not do that it would have been pretty
vague but still it's just not worth it
I'll tell you what I'll tell you guys
one thing you guys already saw Elijah's
haircut in episode one um there was a
float plane challenge where they asked
for um 3,000 likes 3,000 likes on a
float plane
exclusive yeah and if that happened Luke
would work on Elijah's body hair again
yeah they did it today so if if you're
on float plane you can look forward to
that exclusive um Luke gave Elijah a
slit an eyebrow slit yeah it's just
quite a way to say it yeah he gave him
an eyebrow slit yeah um Luke okay they
didn't give me the right tools you did a
great job they didn't give me the right
tools All Things Considered like the
fact that you are a monkey I was not to
working on
hair why does this keep
in the last like two months I've done
three things with other people's hair I
don't think I've ever done anything with
anyone else's hair ever before that time
yeah we know what is happening we know
why does this keep
happening you know if that video gets
like 4,000 likes he might let me do
carving oh no and I could put a star
onto his head oh
no I he has not committed to this I'm
just saying he might oh man okay he
might be
willing any and maybe this time I'll get
the the proper equipment this is great
derky says oh Luke we can tell
sweetie oh no okay uh Dan what are what
are we
doing D derky also said do you really
want his wife to divorce him uh she's
still with him at this point I think
they're probably good yeah if if she if
she hasn't seen anything yet like with
his Bell Deli merch at this point then
uh wait what was I saying if she if if
she hasn't seen anything to scare her
off yet I don't think it's going to
happen now yeah like some minor haircut
changes one other small scrapyard Wars
announcement our season partner Jawa has
launched their scrapyard Wars giveaways
and you can check them out at the link
in the video
description I also have another short
announcement we're looking for more
people to sign up for the error checking
Community Squad the ECC Squad which is a
crowdsourced factchecking team that
helps lmg the most correct clear
information possible to our audience the
ECC is a final check in case anything
gets past our internal checks uh we know
that we have a lot of different experts
and enthusiasts on our team but we also
have even more in our audience whose
Collective knowledge we could never hope
to fully match so we've got a signup doc
that Dan is going to throw in the
chat I I am okay yeah sure thanks
Dan appreciate you all right uh Luke do
you want to pick a topic no Elijah is
definitely not not cutting my hair just
just putting that out there how about I
could cut your hair how about I could
dye your hair I already said yes to that
interesting maybe I should sponsor it
sponsored by LTT store.com make dbrand
sponsor yeah dbrand should have to pay
for it build Loop's hair D Brand's going
to pay for it what what doc where are we
what's what where is it um it's it's in
the announcements um field in the
Perpetual
dock all right why don't we get through
sponsors okay okay well I can't do both
at the same time well you can try the
show is brought to you today by
manscaped unhappy with your new
hairstyle why are you on me why are you
on
me why not shave it off with our sponsor
manscaped did someone throw another bag
of money with their new
dome with their new dome shaver Pro head
shaver leave all the fuzz behind and
shine like a diamond show the product
well I have not agreed to share sh to
share I have not agreed to shave my hair
off today you got him triing over his
okay just kidding not today we'll allow
him to take a break this time Dennis
Dennis that is not uh that's not a thing
that you get to decide anyway it comes
with a little carrying case I don't
think either of us are shaving our and
then it's got like an ergonomic grip and
you pop this that genuinely looks very
convenient uh hold if you had a bald
head let me see if I can figure oh yeah
okay it pops on like that and then it's
like
a thing like that it has five rotary
blades designed for head shaving powered
by a 9,500 RPM motor for a consistent
and efficient shave every time and it
has a magnetic blade head making
cleaning and replacing the blades of
Breeze manscaped also has their new dome
Soother lotion to moisturize your shiny
Dome keeping your head bright and
beaming check out the Dome shaver Pro
and Dome Soother lotion and use code wow
for 20% off and free
shipping all righty then that was
unnerving uh the show is also brought to
you by one password
xam yes imagine your company's security
like a college campus quad the nice
brick paths represent company-owned
Vehicles it approved apps and managed
employee identities the shortcuts
through the grass symbolize unmanaged
devices Shadow it apps and non-employee
identities like
Colton most security tools only work on
the brick
paths but many issues arise on the
shortcuts that's where our sponsor one
password extended access management
comes in it brings all these unmanaged
devices apps and identities under
control ensuring strong and protected
user credentials what are what am I
looking at knows this is the best
explanation of exam ever they address
issues that traditional IM am and MDM
can't handle and it's available now for
companies with okta and coming later
this year to Google workspace and
Microsoft entra check it out at the link
down
below the show is also brought to you by
Moose end moose end affiliate struggling
to her your customers in who is that is
that me you yeah yeah it's you okay our
sponsor moose end will help you Wrangle
in those leads and get the most out of
your business they offer a suite of
tools designed to improve customer
relationships through personalized
Outreach with moose end you can create
visually appealing email campaigns using
customizable templates segmentation
tools and personalized Dynamic elements
so if you're tired of manually typing
out long B Fe responses GH you can use
their pre-made automation templates or
create your own with their flexible drag
and drop Builder and after you've
launched your campaign you can c
calculate your next steps with their
Advanced Analytical tools moose end
offers Integrations with popular
e-commerce platforms allowing businesses
to streamline all their marketing
efforts prepare to be utterly
Amazed by what moose end can do for you
he couldn't even find a stock image with
legs try them out for free for 30 days
and save 10% at the link in the video
description you me the look at the look
at the horse
oh like what am I what am I that band
dressage
athlete oh you didn't see this no it was
one of the earliest Olympic scandals oh
yeah wait I think you told me one of the
one of the luk is not up on the Dr
discourse okay see I think it should be
pronounced as Dr but people keep saying
dressage so I'm like what who isn't it
French well that's what I thought I
thought it was Dr No but some words are
like that where English people are
stupid and don't know that it has a
French origin so they're like
Niche instead of Niche that's a pet
peeve of mine I that Niche what are you
talking about
like uh I can't find the thing that I'm
supposed to post in chat well good
hopefully it is Dr cuz that's what it's
supposed to be I will be upset if it's
not all right he can't find the thing
what thing I don't know where is the
thing I don't even know what he's
talking about what Dan you can't find it
what is it where is it's in the do it's
I'll highight look I'm going to I'll
make it bigger until oh there it is
thank
you oh that yeah yeah I'm just going to
keep making it bigger no he said he
found it so I'm going to keep making it
bigger now the Dock's like un one of my
talents it was unusable before I
couldn't find
it yeah this is an improvement I don't
think so cement it might actually
literally be harder to find now if
you're on the wrong part of the
dog can you go I know
let's play ano dude what what is what is
Google Doc's font size Max I don't know
we're at
239 240
250 this is getting extremely tedious I
wish I had a mouse man I'm going to be a
banana Master by the end of can I help
you no I don't think
so I mean we can find
out I I don't think you're
helping Dan's trying too I can hear it
oh you no I do I do think you guys are
helping actually 400 oh
wait oh it's still going the Box breaks
wait no I don't think it is still going
it look like oh it's just flashing and
my brain was like no that was it that's
all it can do optical
illusion um we need to fix this oh it
lagged out on my end don't worry
fix who put an 1800 in there
oh man I want to play my back ano's good
oh my back I'm dying okay okay what the
hell is going on oh yeah uh the the the
merch messages
yeah what even is the show today my job
I don't
know I am not doing good uh let's see
hey lldd I wanted to ask lonus how do
you find fulfillment and satisfaction in
life and your career working in such a
quick moving and competitive industry
how can you be happy with enough well
then you should ask me
that wow they wanted to ask me but I I
they didn't so now I I'm sorry that's
another pet peeve don't really feel hey
can I can I ask you a question you just
did you're wasting my without
consent um anyway working in such a
quick moving competitive industry um you
know what I think that I think that over
the years I have come around to that
infinite growth is neither uh possible
nor is It ultimately fulfilling anyway
and um I think that over time I've
actually developed a much healthier
relationship with business growth than I
think I had before um it was probably
around the time that we rejected the
offer to buy the company that I kind of
looked at it and went well if the goal
was to win capitalism then that was it
that was that was my shot that was
definitely it yeah that was the chance
right so one capitalism not that you
haven't really already but so I had to
kind of I had to kind of decide right
and what I ultimately fell back on was
the same thing that um that I realized
when I did the 10 million subscribers
stream and decided that the only way to
be happy continuing doing this is if I
was doing it because I wanted to do it
and so that's why I'm doing it
um I don't I don't really I don't really
see a path to that changing I mean
there's absolutely things that are
frustrating there's absolutely things
that I I mean I I messaged Luke the
other day did I send you a screenshot
where I like
circled uh where I cired a bunch of
videos that were performing well maybe
maybe I didn't actually send this to you
I think so but I took a I took a
screenshot earlier this week where I
circled the videos that were performing
well over the last 60 seconds I know we
talked about this I don't know if it you
actually technically sent me a
screenshot but you would have screen
shared or something we we definitely
talked about it yeah no here it is this
is not the circled version this is the
unaltered version but I I looked at a
like a last 60 Minutes um real time View
and um one of them was our most recent
release number two was our second most
recent release number three was our
third most recent release number four
was the WAN show from that week so far
so good then it goes completely off the
rails number five was a YouTube short
from January number six was the WAN show
from computex of the previous year
number scrapyard Wars number eight is
building a PC in a random Tech Mall both
of which kind of make sense those those
have staying power then there's a
another ancient short Dan's Cable
Management one which was also recent
then there's an old short then there's a
new short then there's a live stream I
pray this computer sucks because I'm
going to sell it for a dollar a live
stream VOD from that's old over a year
ago then two more ancient W
shows ancient W shows have some like
really weird how can there ever be what
did it work out to four streams no no
yeah no five stream vods four of which
are W
shows that are the most viewed videos in
a given hour it's like the most
Evergreen stuff is the stuff that should
be the least Evergreen yeah it it's
actually genuinely completely backwards
and the reason I'm talking about this
right now is you know you ask this fast
pacing fast-paced you know frustrating
competitive industry it's like yeah
because a lot of the time the signals
that we get for what to keep doing they
don't make any sense they're not
actionable you know YouTube will tell us
they tell us make good videos and we're
like okay and then we'll make something
that gets a 99% like dislike ratio and
and has higher than average clickthrough
and for views it'll perform like garbage
and you're like okay
well okay maybe there is just no
audience for this but it kind of seems a
lot to me like you just like didn't put
this in front of anybody because the
clickthrough is good and the retention
is good and the like dislike ratio is
good and the comments are good every
signal I have says it's good but then
I'm getting a bunch of views on an old
live full 4our live stream one that has
like no current relevance at all nothing
like the the the year plus old W show it
was crazy for me when I would leave
autoplay on on YouTube and it would
start playing an old W show VOD I've
shown this to a bunch of people actually
have I talked this about this on Wow
before all the broken old wow vods yeah
I've talk to you about this right so old
wano vods most of them are actually
functionally broken no I don't know
about most but definitely some are I I
mean the last time I tried to do this I
looked up I think wow 2014 and just
clicked on the first one that came up
and it was broken yes that's super
random chance but if it's old enough it
I
think can we talk for a moment about
just how broken searches on YouTube
right now sorry this is an impromptu
topic here but I have not been able to
find anything at all on YouTube
something that was frustrating for for
me even is we we just talked about uh
Pumphrey leaving donut yeah and I tried
to look up his channel yeah maybe it'll
come up now no it's just like I show
speed stuff okay that's not even the
bigger issue to me here it is hold on
hold on hold on no that's really good
that's really good but hold on hold on
here's my bigger issue I'm searching for
lus w show Paul because I know when we
had Paul on as a guest that one's
corrupted so I wanted to show you guys
okay finds a channel fair enough okay
this channel is Live uh I love that you
guys took the thumbnail today while I
was just in doing my pre when show
vegging on my phone um anywh who okay
some Community
posts what does that have to do with
Paul or
wo absolutely I'm sure would have put
his name in the in the title back then
okay here's a w show from a week ago
here is a flipping ad sponsor that oh
you know what you know what no no hold
on hold on okay on this account I
probably haven't but on my account I
have dismissed This Global coin Network
like
plus I've dismissed this so many times
I've been like uh-uh no no no no no no
no uh okay okay wait why do you don't
you have YouTube premium on your
personal account uh no my work account
oh yep uh okay okay keep going okay here
it is here it is guest Paul Paul wow
lonus so we had to go this far to find
the only thing that matches this okay we
get the channel this is fine oh my God
another ad we get another Paul W show
something another thing fine that one's
fine okay but here's my
problem depending on what you look for
you might get two or three results then
you get people also what
people also I'm not I am looking for
something right now I am not looking for
people also watch Lego car racing
whatever like yeah there's W shows in
here but these are not the ones I'm
looking for they have nothing to do with
my search query and then it gets worse
there's
like just random for you and then this
one drives me crazy previously watched
this one often shows up this one often I
wonder if that's a shows up like
as the as the probably the third header
and there'll be a bunch of them and I'm
like ah previously watched okay fine
fair enough right because as it happens
I am looking for a video I've previously
watched but don't just pick a random
video I previously watched pick one that
has something to do with my search query
yeah yeah yeah yeah anyway the point of
this was that I wanted to show you guys
uh what a corrupted old L show looks
like yeah it's a it's a bit of a trip oh
hey look it's hacksmith hacksmith I
wonder if eight sleep um paid him for
this I hope
so why do you say that um I we've run
into some issues recently with former
sponsors using our likeness I don't know
that eight sleep was one of them um but
we have run into some issues is this one
not broken oh wow it's either this is
the Chris Prill one this isn't oh shoot
I clicked the wrong did I click the
wrong thing oh yeah I did I totally
clicked wrong okay here we go I'm pretty
sure this one's
broken remember razor comms heck
yeah oh no this I remember when someone
disconnected from Razer commoms and it
kept playing the audio even though they
weren't even connected to the service
anymore that was crazy we had to get in
contact with them and tell them because
you could like hear them talking to
people in the background it was not good
dude are the old land shows fixed cuz I
think we did I think we did flag this to
YouTube at some point so it's possible
that they've gone in and they've
actually fixed this
problem that would be pretty cool I did
show a YouTube person at open sace so oh
so like maybe something
happened all right well Luke's going to
try and look for one of those in the
meantime I am going to find merch
messages right aren't we oh is that what
we're supposed to be doing boom boom
that was quick boom Get Wrecked lus wow
that's what they look like you look good
what happened to you you used to be so
transparent and uh
glowing you had a youthful
glow you uh not so much yeah no I you
quite genuinely look like you're covered
in mud yeah I was actually kind of
thinking like Undead oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah I think I've got a bit of an undead
Vibe over here Y what messes me up is
people these days go to like massive
lengths to get this effect oh really
yeah it's actually really cool what you
can do when you uh like data MH stuff
like this this would be so hard to do on
purpose yeah and have it look this good
like this is sick like music video level
that's amazing uh all right cool yeah
and like there's there's tons of these
old Way shows and they recommend these
all the time and there's even like every
once in a while you look in the comments
yeah okay I look in the comments right
now and this is from 2 years ago but
still top tier YouTube recommendation
this W show is from 10 years ago why is
there a bunch of comments with upvotes
and replies from two years
ago every once in a while I'll see like
I'll I'll see bumps on videos that's why
I like to look at that uh 60-minute view
yeah because it will if I see the most
Oddball stuff that's where I see the
weirdest stuff sometimes it makes sense
like the build with my sister spiked
after I talked about my sister passing
away it different sister different
sister but people were searching for
Lina's sister apparently um and then oh
this is this is a weird one whatever
like AI fueled site this is had an
article about my sister passing away um
that I found
today because I'm going to an event
where I needed to submit a picture for a
badge sure and as a joke I wanted to put
that weird um uh like what what am I I'm
like a I'm like a like a a
uh oh man I'm going to I'm going to have
to see if I can I'm going to have to see
if I can find
it it's like the the Linus the anime
Linus yeah this
one oh okay yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so
I was like I I bet they wouldn't mind if
I put that on a badge at an event so
sure so I was looking for the full
quality the full quality of this and as
I was scrolling just scrolling scrolling
scrolling I came across a link to this
article like their SEO is strong enough
that I was searching for lonus
cartoon girl or something I forget what
it was and and I came across an article
about my sister's passing and so I um it
had a picture of my younger
sister but then in the AI presumably AI
generated article it talked about how it
was my older sister
who was not a public figure and never
appeared on camera oh so like had the
yeah yeah so like I left a comment on
the I left a comment on the article I'm
like I think it's pretty misleading have
a picture of the wrong sister on this I
don't think anyone's ever going to come
across this article I don't think
anybody's going to moderate these
comments but
like wow that machine moves so fast dude
I couldn't even believe it anyway I'm
super excited to have that picture on my
uh on my event badge They didn't accept
it the first time I sent it and I was
like oh yeah okay that kind of makes
sense but their reason for not accepting
it was that the file size wasn't big
enough so I was like okay uh ultimately
what I ended up doing is just changing
it to a bit map and sending it again I
was like okay this is over a Meg is this
good enough they're like yep cool cuz I
had just snipped it and sent it as just
like a PNG I it's printing on a badge
who cares it's going to be like this big
M
anyway I love arbitrary arbitrary rules
for things I love breaking them I still
have that art as my desktop background
with the three of us every once in a
while it like almost jump scares me cuz
it's my desktop background at work so
normally all the screens are covered
yeah okay and then every once a while I
like move something I'm like oh yeah oh
yeah that not
weird um okay Dan hit me hi
sen and
NAD have you considered using water
level sensors in your reservoirs for
your water
Loops
uh yes
H I have also considered uh I actually
just remembered this I've talked to Jake
about it but um I've also considered
taking the taking the the toilet water
level float that we have in the one in
the server room out because if I had had
one of those and had a leak it would
have kept dumping water into it so uh we
we have like a whole room water cooling
system here at the office as well that
helps cool our server room um and in
order to make sure that we never have to
top it up it's got like a toilet float
in it and it's hooked up to Plumbing um
yeah so we should not do
that I'd rather lose a pump than man
it's so cool just like randomly finding
things out about this company yeah I
know right is this the first time you
heard of it stop hearing things oh yeah
I never heard of that before yeah cool
yeah that's
wild I mean it probably won't leak
that's plumbed up to those um but man
would it be sick if it did it's plumbed
up to those those APC show up to work on
Monday it's just like oh man it's weird
that there's like water coming out of
the front of the building wonder what's
causing that yeah
dog I don't know man you guys wouldn't
like it as much if we did everything
properly I do agree with that actually
like wholeheartedly you got to kind of
cowboy things every once in a while yeah
it's it's it's more fun I got a lot of
good theories by the way from the
community on what's going on with the
corrosion that I was getting in my loop
I saw there was some pretty cool
comments on that there's some stuff
that's not right um I saw someone asking
in chat
on asks what about the fuel hoses are
they using steel mesh reinforcement no
saw that one it's it's it's not metal
whatever it is it's some kind of string
of some sort and I believe we actually
sourced that tubing from a water cooling
supplier even though it is fuel line
hose clearly they validated it at some
point I think I think it was a a good
comment though cuz like it was something
to check yes good idea something to
there was a lot of good comments where
it was like okay that's actually pretty
quick and easy to to
verify um but probably isn't the case
but we could look the one that seems the
most likely is that there's a grounding
issue and some kind of current is
Flowing which would mean that it's not
galvanic corrosion but it would be
electrolytic
corrosion so if there's two devices that
are not that are improperly
grounded through the loop they could be
there could be some kind of current flow
that makes would that make the hey
there's corrosion clearly on the inlet
here but not the outlet of the same
thing would that make that make sense if
one of the end was it it would be the
nearest thing possibly interesting um
this is way out of my realm of
understanding but it sounds cool yeah
that that's the one that makes the most
sense to me and uh is also the easiest
to execute I mean in the longer term
what I really want is for all the
systems to be air cooled anyway and just
have to have a water door um
so I maybe the better thing for us to do
is just move to the next phase anyway
because sooner than you had intended
yeah yeah it was always it was always
meant to be a stepping stone to doing
something bigger and more better so
maybe we should just do that I really
like those types of systems the the next
phase being gas uh
yeah you should just you just fully
immerse everything no
they already tried to do that and it
didn't go very
well you know what you guys just do the
show you turn to the wash that was
pretty good sorry that was pretty good
thank you for the set up oh man that was
that was sick why is just
crying oh man okay um this is really
short no that was covered as a topic he
didn't minimize he's supposed to
minimize it no nobody's been minimizing
them oh no um I'll save that one for
when he's back how about one for you
Luke this might be interesting for you
to Target I work in Canadian broadcast
media how can I convince the higher-ups
that avoiding YouTube twitch or other
streaming sites is unhealthy for the
industry's future I'm bashing my head to
get them to try
it oh that's a good question and
probably a very tough situation that
you're in um
I've tried to talk to those type of
people before what where am I here I've
tried to talk to those type of people
before and they can be quite stiff on
things
um can you say the exact job again do
you still have it yep yeah um Canadian
broadcast media Canadian broadcast media
yeah I mean I could I could I don't know
exactly where you're at within that um
if it's something like news I would
point to examples of news organizations
in the States going on YouTube and
finding very extreme success um I would
talk about how like the the Youth of
today isn't necessarily listening to
radio because you could be talking about
broadcast in in the radio sense um or
watching traditional TV channels as much
anymore so if you want to hit the Youth
of Canada because they're probably more
interested in Canadian specific
viewership considering it's Canadian
broadcasting you got to go where the
people are um which are a lot of these
web platforms also some of these web
platforms have
um like I don't remember what the
section's called but often if if there
does happen to be something interesting
happening in in Canadian news or
Canadian politics or something and I go
on YouTube YouTube will put those types
of things in my in my feed there's a
little section of like happening near
you or something like that I don't
remember exactly what it's called when I
looked in the account here there there
isn't one but it's the account for the
show so it probably doesn't really have
a location or maybe it's located for
America or something like that but yeah
I mean I would I would point at other
examples other success stories of other
comparable media that are doing the same
thing um I would Express the ability to
hit a wider audience within Canada um
and and hopefully find some way to prove
that it's not really that hard to do
because I don't think it would be it's
not like it's going to cost extra money
right no it's just another like upload
step and uploading to web is honestly
pretty simple these days so I absolutely
think you should do
it yeah I think that sounds reasonable
yeah Ma the genius said it's not CBC or
Radio Canada because they already have
YouTube yeah I knew that um I'm not 100%
sure what they're talking about that's
why I was that's why I was they said
Canadian broadcast media not necessarily
the Canadian broadcast Corporation yeah
it's just it's pretty broad we have
quite a few
mhm um what are the what would be the
CBC would that be called like the flag
carrying like I know you have flag air
the flagbearer corporation flag bearer
media thing I don't know do they have I
think the CBC also has a YouTube channel
um probably yeah CBC new wait
CBC the national CBC News YouTube
channel they uploaded 18 hours ago
they're going for
it the national massive BC Landslide
prompts flood fears people are watching
live is this literally just the news the
TV show but it's on
YouTube huh I knew TV shows put up clips
and stuff I didn't think they just put
up like an actual like this is the TV
show but it's on YouTube makes sense I
mean you can rent movies on YouTube yeah
I just I haven't personally seen this
before this is just cbc's the national
but it's just live streamed oh okay this
is a live stream right now oh weird it's
son a VOD what is uh what is that called
uh play out you know that term Luke yeah
it's it's just just play out but one of
the channels is YouTube totally I'm just
surprised that's all because I don't I
don't think I've seen this before God I
haven't thought about play out in years
now I do not miss broadcast media topic
now that you're back hexos update sure
trass has launched its powered by tras
initiative where it will partner with
various companies to create tailored
storage solutions for specific use cases
and industries its first partner in this
initiative is ashte the creators of
hexos which is intended to make setting
up a Home Server simple and accessible
for users without it admin skills
ashtech has ALS or just people that
don't want to deal with it um ashtech
has also launched a Blog with their
first article explaining how hexos works
very basically hexos is built on top of
trass and provides a simplified UI and
guidance for setting up a home server
that server can be set up using
off-the-shelf server Hardware custom
Ware or even recycled PCS Robbie from
nas Compares is collecting questions for
an upcoming Q&A with John pazo of e
which should probably film and launch
sometime next week current plan is
August the 9th and LT viewers can post
questions for Robbie uh here and then I
guess we'll link this oh no it's a
YouTube Community post yeah that makes
it easier they can find it on their own
um the hexos beta is expected to launch
in the third quarter this year and
anyone interested can sign up for
updates on their website do they have a
pricing model yet they have some
proposals um so just so bringing you
guys up to speed this is the the nas
operating system that um is being has
been founded by a couple of former
unraid employees who um came to me and
we're basically like okay here's what we
want to do I was like oh so muted muted
muted uh getting you guys up to speed uh
hexos is the brainchild of a couple of
former unraid employees who came to me
after their split and basically we like
okay here's what we want to do and I was
like oh okay so all the stuff that I've
been asking you guys to do for years um
but like you're going to do it this time
and they're like yes and I was like all
right and they were like but we need
money and I was like okay so I am
invested in hexo
um and I I really hope it works but if
it doesn't well hey it was the friends
we made along the way yeah uh I I really
do hope so I I do believe that even
though traz Wizards uh will often be a
little gatekeeper about tunaz and say
well if you don't like tunaz then get
good at tunaz um but I I do think that
traz is incredibly powerful um It's
amazing And it no is not easy for people
to use I actually sent I sent John an
email today that's that's John from from
uh htech I sent him an email today I was
like I found a customer in the wild um
it doesn't happen that often because not
that many people post you know very
specifically that they're looking for
hexos but um I found one on our Forum
here it
is hi guys I'm an idiot that they can't
help but Break Stuff on my Nas I'm
running true Nas I recently switched
over to this Dro tried to set up Plex
it's broken um yep basically oh wow you
replied already too uh yeah basically a
prime prime candidate cuz man when you
screw up traz if you don't really know
what you're doing you're better off just
reformatting yeah and a lot of people
probably do y and just don't talk about
it I'm really excited about it but
just being transparent with everyone I'm
always slightly skeptical skeptical
until I
see how you how you making that money
you
know yeah I think I am the weirdest
early
investor yeah here's small pile of money
please leave me alone see you later yeah
they offered me a board seat I was like
oh God no
yeah get me out of here I don't want
that please just do good job yeah just
try to not suck yeah yeah do your best I
mostly just want the
product yeah yeah exactly I just want it
I just want it to be easy I don't at the
end of the day I don't want to go home
and deal with like some never stupid
like Arcane permissions issue uh did I
ever tell you that that's the issue I
was having with Plex it was something to
do with one of my VMS which is actually
hosted on another machine altogether one
of my VMS um when it copied data onto
the nas which was on a different machine
um the data wouldn't copy with the same
permissions so my Plex like Docker or
app or whatever it is I don't think it's
Docker but my Plex app wouldn't have
read permissions to that file even
though it had read permissions to that
directory and
like I I had the hht guys just fix it
for me cuz I was like I don't want to do
this um it would have taken me hours
to go in and command line figure it out
wait you had them fix it for you yeah
well they know
trz wow well I mean John's also a bro so
like did you up did you reup your
investment no no no no whatever no John
would have John would have done it for
me
anyway I'm serious he's he's awesome
sounds like you're abusing this
relationship I'm not abusing anything
I'm not abusing anything tra to board
seat for tech support yeah exactly oh
that's fine that might be fair enough
yeah exactly all right exactly I'm
pretty I am pretty low maintenance I
just don't want you to misuse JN I I'm
fighting for JN here I am I am not and
if I am misusing it it's coming at the
cost to his family not to the cost of
the product cuz he did it on the
weekend it's uh it's Market
exploration you know and they did
actually learn useful things yeah did
did John send up did did did John did
John send a proper invoice no I don't
need an invoice from
him they learned they actually did learn
things because it was a really weird
Edge case you know how I'm the master of
edge cases MH edging you
know I was trying to I was thinking it
too I'm going to get him I'm going to
get course I was one of these
days I'm going to get
him oh boy all right what do you all
want but yes I do I do know that given
our our uh the current state of our
password
manager um did you even read my report
what are we going to
do what do we do I did but I don't know
I I think that we should just have Flo
plane just write internal
tools we're thinking about doing it for
that that other one I don't want to talk
about this but you know what I mean yeah
like we literally just might I think I
think I can't think of something better
I think there should be like a genuine
discussion about just
100% custom because our Edge case is
here lonus is the master and all of his
employees are too of of finding just
these really weird use cases for like
every tool available the one thing that
I'm talking about I genuinely think we
are going to have to make our own cuz
they're like they all suck everything
sucks yeah it's crazy this I'm we're not
talking about the password manager to be
I know I know John from ashte actually
emailed me a couple hours ago um we were
discussing uh pricing um oh cool I'm
just going to tell you guys I'm going to
I'm going to publicly put pressure on
him I'm going to tell you guys that I
I'm leaning on them to have a Perpetual
license option oh dude if they have a
Perpetual license option I will almost
certainly be like a first minute buyer
it won't be cheap but they will have a
perpet but if I get my way they'll have
a Perpetual option for like the like the
best tier I want to make sure they're
compensated properly I don't mind
spending some money on this product it
sounds like a if it fulfills the things
that they say it's going to fulfill it
sounds it's going to be a fantastic
product it may not be possible I don't
want another subscription some of what
they're doing like especially okay if
they offered cloud backup or something
oh well there's not going to be AET or
maybe it's an Adder for that or whatever
whatever the point is some stuff may not
be possible with a onetime fee yeah you
can't you can't do service things but
what I am what I am pushing for is that
the the the highest tier of ownership of
the product should be available as a
Perpetual license even if they are going
like everyone does towards a
subscription model for most people
unless it includes things like offsite
Beck you have to that has to be a
subscription anyway so we were going
back and forth about this and um one of
this is just the last line of his email
which I think is great he goes great
input as always looking forward to
seeing you on W show tonight and how
much do I need to give you to dye your
damn hair back dbrand dot dot
[Laughter]
dot oh man anyway zorg 666 in chat said
I'd pay like $400 for a Perpetual
license to
that interesting good market research
sample size of one but good market
research person said 300 to 400 kind of
why I like VX interesting it's perpetual
yeah not cheap right but it's reasonably
cheap for what it is but it's you get
two years of updates right that's one
way that I've seen companies gate it
this is kind of what they're thinking
yeah I mean I'd be I'd be pretty happy
with that I think they're I think
they're being pretty that seems pretty
reasonable to I being pretty
reasonable like I'm probably going to
want the the but especially with the
upper one on there like yeah dude yeah
so I'm pretty I'm pretty excited I um
it's been really hard to have a solid
recommendation when creators come to us
and they're like yeah we need to solve
our story we have everything
everything's on external hard drives and
I'm like you're recommending that they
need to ask you questions forever yeah
which is like H I don't want to
recommend getting good yeah cuz they
don't why they got other things to do
they do other stuff they're trying to
grow their channels they're trying to do
whatever they don't want to learn this
freaking thing but I also don't want
them to be stuck with the limitations of
something like a sonology NZ right like
why are we paying $1,000 for a freaking
adom okay they're not adom anymore but
that
but basically on that on that level you
know it's
frustrating like from my point
especially if you live somewhere where
power is relatively affordable your NZ
should basically just be your old
computer or your two computers old ago
like it there's no reason to be using
super powerful Hardware unless you know
you need
it yeah now they're using cerons
apparently I love how many times Intel
has killed Celeron dude Pentium too not
Pentium 2 Pentium as well the number of
times they've killed Pentium and then
just been like oh right except for the
pentiums we still have don't worry about
it I mean it might be actually dead now
I
mean uncomfortable laughter yeah is Mark
Zuckerberg a drug dealer no background
on this back in March the Wall Street
Journal reported that meta was under
federal investigation in the United
States for running ads on behalf of
upand cominging young
entrepreneurs AKA illicit drug deal
in July the Wall Street Jour Journal
Journal has reviewed meta ad platform
and found they are still serving dozens
of ads steering users toward online
marketplaces for illegal drugs leveling
up nice further a review of meta's AD
Library between March and June by
industry Watchdog the tech transparency
project found over
450 similar ads many were quite open
about their products showing photos of
prescription drug bottles piles of pills
or even bricks of cocaine at least one
showed a Razer Blade and yellow powder
spelling out DMT wow the use of photos
is most likely to avoid text based
machine moderation which meta has
increasingly relied upon following
significant layoffs to its human
moderation teams our discussion question
here is does meta not deal with this
because they don't want to or because
they can't and I think we all know the
answer to that I'm sure they could if
they wanted to they're perfectly profit
but it's better for shareholders if they
just use
AI
cool nice speaking of AI fan Letters by
Google AI causing anger an ad for Google
Gemini has sparked an unexpected amount
of passion because it depicts a loving
father asking an AI to create a draft
letter for his daughter to send to an
Olympic athlete
I hate that so much while some have
criticized the ad for promoting laziness
and
inauthenticity others have argued that
this is a relatively defensible use case
where the AI creates a draft that is
then
personalized
so the look on your face is so great
it's just so disappointing cuz that's s
like if you think about that type of
person like this Olympic Athlete
receiving a letter from someone's
daughter who's you know watching them do
something great and then potentially
inspiring them to to take very
life-altering choices to do something
really cool with their life and if you
think about the letter that they would
like to receive it's probably kind of
junky kid writing with spelling mistakes
and maybe a little drawing at the bottom
or whatever it's
not it's not chat GPT output garbage
it's like this is this is totally this
is a terrible use case uh others have
argued this relatively defensible use
case um if you're like super lame maybe
uh like I don't know like uh yeah using
AI as a like an intro inspiration for
something that you end up doing in a
unique way sure and this is like the
lamest version of that tell me this
would you be
mad if they used an AI to translate it
say this letter was to an athlete who
spoke a different language
I'm not saying they are I'm just say
both okay like sure for your convenience
I have included an AI translation of my
daughter's
letter I'm just trying to think if
there's any kind of if there's any way I
can break down this wall here that I
think seems completely fine though mhm
like just here you go now you don't have
to like Google translate take a photo of
it you can just what if the workflow
went like this the daughter tells the
dad uh What She Likes about the athlete
the dad pumps it into a a large language
model it's kind of spit something out he
kind of reads it to her and then she she
without copying it word for word kind of
like you know writes it down or
something yeah like it like is is there
if you add another layer of human
translation to the the help from the AI
drafting the letter does that help in
your mind
or like what like what if it's not
obvious the authentic junky words of
some kid cuz that's what's happening and
that's cool a good thing it doesn't need
altering in it's in its own right in my
opinion that is perfection the flaws
that are included with the bad writing
with the spelling mistakes with the
improper sentences all that kind of
stuff that is the Perfection of this
particular item I think only ways that
it should be altered is to
improve potential issues with like you
said translation because it's the
Olympics it's all these different
countries there's very likely language
barriers which is fine I'm not arguing
with you I'm just I I I wanted to try to
I wanted to try to poke holes in it you
know yeah like see if there's see if
there's an doing I'm it's fine I just I
just this is such
just it's such an annoying because like
I think I think one of the biggest
people's biggest frustrations with the
AI stuff going on right now is instead
of uh automating and removing uh
annoying
frustrating just just work like
repetitive work it's not cleaning my
dishes yet it's not doing my laundry yet
it's not doing those types of things
it's making art it's writing it's doing
the things that humans like like to do
generally which is annoying and then
you're applying that all of that
frustration of everything that's been
happening replacing artists and
musicians and writers instead of doing
my laundry you're taking that whole
concept and you boiling it down to like
this this pure form of of Adoration of a
child being impressed by someone at the
peak of humanity um and you're going
like let's replace that with Sam alman's
wet dream and it's just it's
frustrating so I I get why people are
annoyed hii in float plane chat has been
asking like every 10 minutes how do I
like my new framework I am currently
undergoing the Qualcomm Snapdragon
challenge that video is coming out soon
but I am not using a framework laptop
right now uh investment disclosure I uh
I am using a Qualcomm laptop
and okay you know what I'm not going to
say anything instead I'm going to show
okay ah anyway oh that wasn't the point
no hold on
oh this might be a bad
demo give it a sec I think that Luke
doesn't like laundry I mean no I I think
any form of like you have to do it every
day or or not every day but you have to
do it very often task and there's no
there's no
like I'm sure someone does but I
seriously doubt many people glean
genuine enjoyment from just like doing
the laundry okay here's my demo so just
so you guys know just got the LTT Forum
um okay so how long has it been doing
stuff so I have 67% battery life right
now in the past it would always just be
zero because it would just like turn on
in my backpack and it oh my current
laptop is like that yeah I had a I had a
one-on-one with someone that lasted for
an hour all I had open was Google Docs
and I just typed into it didn't load
videos or anything like that and it was
near dead by the time I was done my
laptop's getting a little old dude I had
OBS running for screen recording and uh
or no sorry um no no sorry I had uh
teams I had a video meeting going in
teams and I got a notification that my
battery life was critical and it had
entered power saving mode or whatever
and like I don't know how long later but
basically I just kept going in my video
meeting and then I just hung around and
did some more work and I looked at it
and I still had like 9% battery left
like oh yeah that's pretty sick amazing
like on on any machine that I ever had
before that being in a video call would
have just crushed oh yeah what remaining
I I'd have been like hey I got to go
pretty soon I got a critical battery
Waring no I'm I'm I'm loving it uh yeah
I'm loving it a
lot sorry who does laundry once a month
pop gear float plane chat you've been
outed you need to do your laundry more
often that's a lot of 30 at at a at a
minimum 30 pairs of socks 30 pieces of
underwear I just throw them out and get
new ones from M te store that's what you
should do too just wear them once and
then buy more of
them I would never actually lonus would
be very against that yes I would bu
against that you
would that's what I do with my water
bottles oh it's dirty just
just go take another one Kat said have
you seen technology connections
dishwasher video and yeah and and I know
a lot of people liked that but I can
understand someone wanting to do
something well or be informed on how to
do something that they have to do all
the time I don't think that means that
they enjoy
it I don't think I don't yeah are we
talking about the one where he said
we're all doing the soap wrong yeah I
think so I think I watched that one yeah
yeah these great videos yeah they're all
good but that doesn't mean that I want
to use my dishwasher anymore than I have
to yeah but you want to use it right
right yeah you're going to which that's
those those are different things I want
a dishwasher so
badly would help me do the dishes more
Mr memester says Bernie formerly from
Rooster Teeth said his success was
measured by being able to wear a
different pair of socks every day of the
year and never washing them I I don't I
don't consider that success I just why
is that a good thing I just consider
that waste imagine you get to the end of
the year and then you have to watch 365
or more pairs of socks it's like cool I
don't what what did you bet the socks
are so small they just go with
everything else you don't
like washing the socks has never been an
additional burden but you'd never do a
sock load
no more of a boxer man oh my
god oh man too bad he wasn't taking a
drink yeah you probably would have got
me with that
one oh you
heard it here first folks it doesn't fit
in a
sock we all knew this why
why uh topic I'm looking for one right
now ratings.com has published the
results of an accelerated longevity test
where they ran 100 TVs for over 10,000
hours this is roughly equivalent to
typical use for an American family over
the course of 6 years it should be noted
that that's not quite true running
something continuously is not
necessarily the same as having multiple
power on and power off Cycles over a
more extended period of time but if
anything it should be an advantage for
the TVs that they were run continuously
instead of being cycled because thermal
Cycles can be quite quite hard on
electronics one consistent result from
their testing was that thin edgelit TVs
were the most prone to failure and had
significantly worse longevity than other
LCD TVs this is a quote ulate TVs are
inherently prone to durability issues
including warped reflector sheets
cracked light guide plates and burnt out
LEDs due to concentrated heat uh I'm not
going to give you guys too many more
details on this because my point is not
for you guys to uh not go watch their
video my point instead is for you guys
to go watch their video because this was
one of the most interesting
investigations that I've seen into
consumer technology in quite some time I
think they did an outstanding job of it
and once you are aware of it you're
going to see the issues that they
identified everywhere in your daily life
uh the site is ratings.com which for
some stupid reason is spelled RT N
gs.com I guess they didn't have um what
what $1.8 million to spend on a decent
domain which I mean at that point time I
understand it fair enough and respect it
that's that's a joke from earlier on the
show if someone from ratings is watching
calm down
um man this looks some of the okay no
actually you got to go I won't you got
to go watch the video but some of the
I'm only seconds in some of the footage
from this is wild you should go watch it
yeah go check that out uh basically if
you want to have better longevity though
if you insist on not watching it uh the
tldr is if you want a better a longer
lasting TV you should go for something
with full array local Demming instead of
being edgit and um and and they also
talk about how there isn't really much
of a cost advantage to Edge lighting my
understanding is it used to be that that
was quite a bit cheaper but these days
it's not it's more about making the
display thinner so those thinner EDG lit
displays have issues um with
longevity very cool this is some more
good news well okay that wasn't really
good news but this is good news online
marketplaces according to a US court or
the US consumer product safety
commission um online marketplaces are
resp responsible for Dangerous products
listed by Third parties this is awesome
yes finally someone saying hey hello
wait maybe well we'll get to it if if
you're selling it under your site under
your name you have to deal with it like
you can't just be like oh I don't know
someone else put it there so the US
consumer product safety commission has
decided that Amazon has a duty to issue
a recall for
400,000 potentially dangerous products
sold by thirdparty vendors on its
platform between 2018 and 20121
including highly flammable children's
pajamas faulty carbon monoxide detectors
and unsafe hair dryers that could cause
electrocution while Amazon did message
these customers the cpsc says it did not
use the word recall and downplayed the
severity of the risk saying that the
products may fail to meet Federal
standards and could potentially pose a
risk Amazon says its actions were
sufficient and it will appeal the ruling
but I want to see this go all the way to
the end I want sites to be responsible
for the products that they list because
when I buy something from a supposedly
trusted site like Amazon used to be or
you know Costco I would say still fairly
is now although have they gone
Marketplace yet I actually don't know
I'm terrified has Costco has Costco gone
Marketplace I'm looking let me know guys
yeah best buying Walmart
have I I have a I wonder what you think
about this because I've had this idea no
they haven't that I don't think you
should be able
to sit on the line I think you should
have to be a Marketplace and not sell
your own things just facilitate the sale
of other people's stuff or be your own
store because this whole like I go on
Amazon and I it's yes they say it but
it's not like iny face that I'm buying
from somewhere else I go on New Egg it's
not in your face that you're buying from
somewhere else like with us for example
you can buy a Jerry RG everything knife
or or one of lewig bedet but it's coming
from us you deal with our customer
service it's it's we're going to
warranty it in fair to them you do deal
with their customer service and you do
deal with them for warranty Amazon
warranty mhm so if we if we sell we sell
some stuff on Amazon don't we only
within a certain period but yes people
can absolutely return our water bottle
or screwdriver to Amazon if that's where
they bought it oh interesting in fact I
still don't like it I think you should
be one or the other in fact these
marketplaces leveraging their position
as the only access that sellers have to
to their customer base um has led to a
pretty interesting situation for teu teu
I always forget how it's pronounced I'm
so sorry I don't care so people are like
attacking me for saying it wrong I don't
chop there I don't see their ads if I do
I ignore them I'm sorry I don't know
team whatever it is apparently they had
um protests at their
headquarters uh this was a day ago um
their sellers are revolting against
fines withheld
pay and uh situations where customers
are are claiming uh warranty issues and
team is basically going okay yeah no
problem here's your refund and don't
bother sending the product back and
these Marketplace sellers are like yo I
uh I need I want that back if they're
know if if it's broken or whatever like
I I need to look at it if if I'm sending
the money back I want the product back
um and yeah it's been it's been a whole
it's been a whole thing nice good yeah
anyway yeah I thought that was pretty
interesting Chad is talking about my
take and like yeah I think eBay is
completely fine oh yeah completely
because it's very clear what you're
doing when you're on that website to me
it's not super clear when I'm on some of
these other websites a lot of these
other websites what's actually happening
if I'm actually buying this from the
store that I'm at or if I'm technically
buying this from some other store but
with eBay have we just been frog boiled
more effectively because eBay used to be
an auction
site if you think about it they used to
be by it now I don't think I care now
it's a Marketplace site that yeah but I
don't think does eBay sell their own
product no then yeah I don't care you
know what you're getting into when
you're there whether you buy it now or
you auction it I'm not too worried about
it um I'm just saying there definitely
there definitely was a shift in model
for eBay but it's one that you consider
I think that's fine cuz you you still
know you're buying from a massive array
of sellers it's very front and center
what the seller is that you're buying it
from and you know when you're on eBay
that you're buying it from a huge range
apparently eBay always had by it now I I
think it wasn't as popular was not aware
of that I I mean I know that it's
basically most of what I see listed
these days and I don't think that was
the case before but that's good to
know definitely good to know yeah
apparent apparently it always had it I
know they've had it for a very long time
I just didn't think they had it at the
beginning all right
that's it for topics is it time for
after dark yes let's do it after purple
after yeah after chair after do we have
an after dark sponsor
today yes Dan you're
muted sorry it's in the it's in the dock
is it I don't know I can't see it um
that's cuz it's an advertisement let's
just say I'm dumb
nice that was a pretty good reference
actually uh Pia oh okay after is brought
to you by private internet access and
it'll show up on the banner and things
as well nice all right Dan you want to
hit us with some merch messages yeah let
me switch this Banner over and then yeah
I've got some here let's see purple even
though new standards are always more
useful and successful and never compete
with their predecessors uh SLS lonus and
Luke what standard would you like to
have erased from history oh wow uh uh
USB what no it be funny no I mean see
what happens every device just uses a
parallel port from
like I mean there
are to your phone yeah just this giant
25 pin sub kind of thing yeah um I
definitely do think that there are that
there are standards the world would be
better off without um I don't think that
I would go as broad as as USB but I
think I would I would delete micro USB
from history if I could I think mini B
was a uh no it wasn't a mini B was B but
it was mini B um mini be first of all
was much more durable than micro b and
second of all at least anecdotally and
second of all was not that much bigger I
found really wasn't much
very few devices very few devices that
had a micro b port on them that couldn't
possibly have just had a mini on them
instead um and people are saying micro
HDMI and mini HDMI yeah those are those
are complete garbage Town however I
wouldn't delete them they have a certain
utility whereas micro b my issue with it
is that I would have rather just used
Mini until we made it to USBC I really
think we could completely delete that
standard from history and not a lot
would have been lost you got anything
got a standard that you would eliminate
Adobe Flash JK JK Adobe Flash served a
purpose actually really liked it when it
was also macr media flash yeah yeah yeah
before it was Adobe
Flash I don't know there's a lot
of I feel like I feel like most
standards like I I completely agree with
you on the micro b thing but I feel like
most standards are just suffering from
the xkcd
let's there's too many standards let's
add a standard so that we can just have
one standard and then there's one more
standard um I don't think most standards
are necessarily actually that bad like
the fact that HDMI and display port have
to coexist yeah I understand there are
features that one has and the other
doesn't but the the fact that we keep
propping up HDMI at this point when it
really doesn't do much that display port
doesn't already do or couldn't do and it
has a license fee associated with it
when DP doesn't I just uh couldn't we
put copy protection over DP I believe it
can be done yeah yeah
why
yeah yeah I don't know maybe maybe HDMI
I don't I just I find most standards
like I don't know you could get rid of
the vast majority of them um and there
would be something U USB is kind of
funny cuz not really but you could get
rid of the mass vast majority of
standards and there's probably some
other standard that's probably fine I
mean we could have all used
firewire rambus I mean one of the things
though is like even with fire wire if if
it kept being developed until now maybe
firewire 4 or whatever maybe it would be
fine Titan storm has the best one
rj11 we could have just never had rj1
and then everywhere that was ever wired
for a phone line could just be RJ45
and could be useful for networking today
now that landline phones are dead if we
had just not had rj11 the world would be
a better place today I like that I like
that that's a good one you win yeah
pretty good you won yeah mini disc n
mini disc is a fun curiosity yeah we
don't need to get rid of it yeah yeah uh
let's see hi lus been playing Beat saer
about two months now what levels are
your favorite at what settings and do
you have any tips for moving from hard
to expert also my friend Micah says love
you
l.w uh the biggest tip is uh that
instead of moving your arms uh which is
slow because your arms are heavy and
have a lot of inertia um you need to
twist your Arms This is faster than
this maybe more painful to
start um where is it tip to tip yeah
yeah exactly and side out and whatever
en coding uh anyway compression um so so
yeah you need to you need to learn to
pronate and subate this was very
difficult for me your but I got a lot
better once I kind of figured it out I
was never that great at it but I got a
lot better I had better luck with the
Oculus Rift controllers than the index
controllers cuz they were lighter and
the center of mass was closer to the the
wrist do you have any tips for improving
index controller grip uh you can you can
look up grips
no no it's uh it's mostly just the mass
of them and their ability to rotate in
space no man it's it's totally a thing
um hold on I was just trying to R you uh
no this is the wrong one uh basically
there's there's like guides for all the
different like grips that you can have
and stuff oh no dude this is this is a
whole oh yeah it's totally this is a
whole thing I've been trying to find
those myself actually and yeah I kind of
do similar things to some of those it's
a whole rabbit I should look that up cuz
my my ability to play just absolutely
tanked to nothing after I got the index
man try playing with the old Vive Wes oh
yeah those are freaking heavy they're
tough so people would like put their
fingers like through the hole um and
then they like hold it like that so that
the center of gravity was
different still can't find the buttons
get your mind out of the gutter
oh man okay uh let's see getting this to
replace one that fell off my motorbike
and got crushed when riding from Glasgow
to Lisbon what are you buying they
bought a 40 oz water bottle in Atlantic
blue LOD what is the most important
thing you have lost while R riding or
your bike or traveling oh
man did I tell the story of how I left
not one but both of my luggages on a
bullet train when I was in
Japan I have vague memory of this but
they probably don't know um oh wait no I
think I did I think I did okay yeah well
basically I got it back thank you Japan
I'm not too surprised and culture of
honesty and efficiency I got it back in
a couple of hours and I managed to make
my flight wow
yeah I'm not surprised you got it back
I'm a little surprised you got it back
like with haste it wasn't super Hasty
remind me sometime to send you the
completely unhinged chat history that I
have with Ivonne while I was waiting for
the lost and found okay it was not
moving fast and I was very stressed out
because I had a flight to make that I
literally made by 1 minute oh ultimately
yeah it was it was crazy it was one of
the most wild experiences of My Life um
but anyway I ended up like rushed off
the train and I was like a grab my
backpack and go and I just completely
left them in the top which where I
wouldn't normally put things like I cuz
you know cuz I know I know what I'm like
y um anyway the the worst sort of tech
thing while traveling and I think the
way that you're asking was when I put my
laptop on top of my car as I was getting
into it and then drove to school I took
notes with paper that day yeah I drove
to school from Sur to
UBC it could have been anywhere
literally
anywhere I I've I'm I'm very like once
an item is put down yeah I think my
memory of it is temporarily removed I
don't know that that what's it called
like uh cont per object permanence yeah
I guess yeah pretty much if I put
something on my car now I put it on the
driver's side windshield yeah that's my
hack yeah I I've got things like I I
have better habits when I travel it's
something that honestly frustrates me in
general cuz I'm like I wish I could keep
these things up when I'm not traveling
but I better habits when I travel and
one of those things is I will just tie
things to myself so like if I'm on a
train and I put my bag down I'll just
tie it to my leg I'm really good with my
backpack I didn't forget my backpack but
part of the problem for me on that trip
probably like the physical memory was I
had spent the trip there and going
around everywhere in Japan with my
family so I didn't have cuz what I'll do
is I I count I'll count how many items
I'm supposed to have with me three three
three three two three
so that's how I keep things with me but
there had been no consist love the grunt
of
recognition
number we
phone we child it just felt very real
but there had been no consistent number
on that trip right like no I'm I'm the
same way about my phone my my number of
things that are supposed to be in my
pants is
four yeah don't ask me what the extra
one
is you can forget that
um I mean I would if it wasn't attached
to me um so yeah my my number of thing
that's supposed to be in my pants is
four and I have designated Pockets where
everything goes and if for whatever
reason I put something in a different
pocket I lose I lose it I'm
like you know um anyway what' you lose
oh I've lost a bunch of stuff I don't
know I I think there's there's one on
the plane I forgot my wallet in Uber one
time um dude was super super helpful
came back was great um I left the phone
on the plane as you know um there's
there's been yeah there's been a bunch
of different things I lose sweaters all
the time m i don't when I travel I still
take a sweater CU I like doing the like
I put it on backwards on the plane to
get like a a a dark environment so I can
sleep more easily is that more of a
front and pull the whole thing tight so
I can have my gigantic snorkel of a nose
sticking out of it so I can breathe more
easily but yeah you yeah's good too all
I but I unless I like really need it I
will not take it over of the hotel room
because I'm like it'll it's gone I leave
sweaters at friends houses all the time
yeah it's like it's bad you've never
left one at mine what are you saying I'm
pretty sure I have no I know I'm just
I'm like rather certain
um but I don't know Ben Mitchell goes
wow I never noticed Linus's nose until
now stop bringing it up sad
I never thought it was that big yeah but
I
mean okay next one oh
man hey low density lipoprotein LDL
question for lonus would you ever do an
interview with Hank Green I'd love to
hear your thoughts on each other's
business practices as successful YouTube
creators I mean sure I don't I don't
interview people but if I was going to
interview someone sure why not H green
seems like an absolute Chad
yeah let's see hey Daddy lonus I was
recently featured in a mean comments
video please tell James I'm sorry he is
not in fact a menace that I think the
term you're looking for ising Menace I
did uh bleep the word when I when I said
that verbal bleep I like it well just
for just for for you guys so there's no
it's kind of how I sing along with rap
songs you just leave a gap yeah that's
the safest
thing yeah yeah pretty much or you could
just not sing along much no no I'm I'm
okay I'm okay you know violence and
disrespecting women and all that kind of
stuff I'll sing along with that but
there's certain I draw a
line I drive a Chevrolet movie theater
um please tell James I'm sorry yeah yeah
uh do you have any concerns about videos
like that encouraging toxic
comments
um no not really it does it doesn't
really seem to go up or down I think
most people have uh a pretty good sense
of humor and have a pretty healthy
relationship with their consumption of
our videos it just is like a very very
small minority of frankly kind of
unhinged people that have taken the
whole parasocial relation ship thing
whether it's with us or whether it's
with like a tech brand that they stand
or whatever else it is and have just
gone off the deep end with it um it it's
still I think you see a lot of it in
Tech just because how do I put this um
respectfully I think uh yeah was buried
what two and a half hours into a wind
show it's probably fine what's happening
you see a lot of this in Tech right
where I think I think that a lot of us
ended up into computers and Technology
because we struggled socially right um
like I'm not I'm not I'm not going to
dance around this right like that was a
big part of what was appealing about it
to me so I think it's natural that we
end up with um some people in The Tech
Community maybe disproportionately so
that have kind of uh um some challenges
when it comes to sort of social
understanding and social interactions
right so um it's totally a thing it's
totally a thing I don't think that even
needs to be like buried in a w show it's
not an overwhelming it's not an
overwhelming majority and no and a lot
of the social difficulties aren't
harmful yeah yeah it's just it's just a
handful that you know write Temple OS
um you know like well we had some
challenges right
yeah hi W.D what are your thoughts on
home theater setups talking full AV
receivers for PCs I've been looking for
an option but it appears none support 21
by9 and this is yet another reason that
HDMI is such a weird stupid standard
like why does it only support certain
resolutions in certain implementations
why does it matter who cares um it's not
it's not entirely due to HDMI it
actually has to do with the
implementation obviously it'll work at
21 by9 on your computer with an HDMI
cable um but it it it's it's just been a
it's been a that's just you've you've
hit a trigger for me that's really
frustrating that TV receivers won't just
pass through whatever resolution who
cares as long as there's enough
bandwidth why does this matter
um yeah so you don't the the thing
though is that you don't have to go
through your receiver for the video like
you could just um you can just use the
AV receiver with um you can just use the
AV receiver for audio and then have a
separate cable go out to your display so
that's probably what I would do if you
want to if you want to use home theater
speakers and an AV receiver which I
actually did for a long time I had a non
receiver and these
um who made the speakers
anyway wow how do I know oh kef yeah I
had some I had like kef um satellite
speakers was kind of a sick setup at my
girlfriend's parents
house imagine having a sick audio
speaker based audio setup I know right
at your girlfriend's parents what level
that but that's another angle I like the
angle it's just so so so Chad but is it
brat yeah I think so I don't even know
it might be Beyond brat I think if your
parents had a sick audio system at your
house like your girlfriend's parents had
one at your house that would probably be
brat that would be that would be super
weird why would they do that why why
would they have that yeah just because
you're that brat Dan I don't I don't
know if you understand what brat is I
don't either though yeah me neither so
sure why not yeah sure yes it's Brad
confirm yeah that's
quite okay moving on I think before I
think that might be the show for
today yeah sure really appreciate you
guys tuning in we'll see you again next
week same bad time same bad Channel bye
[Music]
oh you might have to cut back to
me this is hilarious uh John from
ashtech messaged me 35 minutes ago he's
like all man go ahead and confirm we'll
do a Perpetual option don't say prices
yet
though I you you didn't technically
confirm that they were going to do it no
he says go ahead and do it though oh
okay yeah yeah yeah yeah oh yeah so now
it's done I love it all right see that
pretty much guarant I'll be using it
personally all right cool I'm not an
investor Oh by you can't do it twice
what if I say bye-bye what if this
precedent we can't
bye-bye what that's going to do there
might be music playing over music we'll
find out
[Music]